Home | State Street We are sorry - we can’t find the page you are looking for. × The page you were looking for may no longer be available or may not be available in your country, language or to your investor type. Please use the website navigation or site search at the top of the page to find content similar to what you were looking for. Contact us Company websites Careers Newsroom Investors State Street Investment Management CRD Insights Solutions About Insights Solutions About Contact us Company websites Careers Newsroom Investors State Street Investment Management CRD Select a location Select a Country Select your role Select Role Global Privacy Notice Cookie Disclosure Private markets beyond the underperformance paradox Private equity has underperformed public markets in recent years, yet investor demand remains strong. Our latest research explores the forces behind this paradox and examines the changing economics of private markets. Read the article In focus State Street at Sibos 2026 At this year’s Sibos conference, we’re engaging in the industry’s most critical conversations, exploring how AI is accelerating innovation across global finance. Learn more Our capabilities Investment Servicing Our integrated, scalable asset servicing solutions are grounded in decades of global expertise in custody, accounting, and administration across asset classes and 100+ markets — helping our clients unlock growth and create efficiency and resilience in a shifting investment landscape. Learn more Investment Management A trusted partner to clients around the world, State Street Investment Management draws from global scale and market-tested expertise to deliver original and tailored solutions that help investors navigate markets, manage risk, and meet their objectives. Learn more Markets Powered by exceptional data-driven insights and the industry’s most innovative platforms, State Street Markets provides advanced trading, financing, foreign exchange, and research capabilities to help investors access liquidity, optimize execution, and gain an information edge in fast-moving markets. Learn more Data Intelligence Our Data Intelligence suite of indices and indicators helps clients distill actionable insights from proprietary, differentiated datasets to uncover opportunities, optimize performance across investments, operations, and distribution, and drive results — empowering them to navigate the global economy with confidence. Learn more Explore our solutions Our latest thinking State Street PriceStats: Inflation downshift stalls The State Street PriceStats US index rose a modest 0.07 percent in July on a non-seasonally adjusted basis — a rebound from June’s 0.18 percent dip. Learn more Institutional Investor Indicators: July 2026 Institutional investors remained in risk-on mode in July, though with less conviction, as the State Street Risk Appetite Index eased to 0.18 in July from 0.45 in June. Learn more From AI productivity to disinflation: A non sequitur? We explore how AI-driven productivity gains could influence inflation and interest rates – and why the path from innovation to disinflation is far from straightforward. Learn more Smart money and the rise of the tokenized MMFs: Digital Digest July 2026 In our July edition, we examine tokenized money market funds, their role in collateral and liquidity management, and infrastructure shifts driving institutional adoption. Learn more Market calm, policy noise, and the risk of volatility repricing We uncover why equity market volatility has remained subdued despite historically elevated levels of policy uncertainty — a disconnect that has become increasingly pronounced since 2016. Learn more Private credit under stress: Idiosyncratic episodes or systemic risk? Our analysis explores whether recent private credit stresses are isolated events or early warning signs of broader systemic risk. Learn more Unlock all insights Inclusion and diversity Fostering impact within and beyond State Street Our 50,000+ employees come from all over the world with various backgrounds and life experiences. By inspiring, educating and empowering them at every level, we foster an inclusive and diverse team that reflects the clients, people and markets we serve. Learn more Twitter LinkedIn YouTube SPDR Blog © [[]] %%State Street Corporation%%. All rights reserved.