Job Application for Quantitative Researcher, Intern (Summer 2027) at Aquatic Capital Management Back to jobs Quantitative Researcher, Intern (Summer 2027) Chicago; London Apply Aquatic was founded with a shared passion for tackling some of the most complex challenges in one of the world’s most competitive arenas—global financial markets. From the very beginning, we have been driven by a deep commitment to applying cutting-edge scientific research and technological innovation to deliver unparalleled performance. Our journey is one of continuous growth and exploration, marked by a spirit of curiosity and relentless drive for excellence. As a Quantitative Research Intern, you will collaborate closely with a team to develop and implement quantitative trading signals, models, and strategies. Our role offers the opportunity to design, implement, and evaluate research systems components using rigorous statistical methodologies. As part of the team, you will gain exposure to diverse research areas, accelerating your expertise in quantitative finance. Requirements: Active student pursuing a BS, MS, or PhD in mathematics, statistics, machine learning, physics, computer science, or other scientific disciplines with an expected graduation date between Fall 2027 and Summer 2028. Demonstrated proficiency in quantitative analysis and problem-solving Proficiency in Python programming Prior experience tackling data-intensive challenges, conducting and completing statistical or applied mathematical research Successful participation in mathematical competitions is a plus e.g., IMO, Putnam Prior experience in a quantitative role within a trading environment a plus Desired qualities: Intellectually curious, creative, and rigorous Willingness to challenge assumptions and revise opinions in the face of compelling evidence Self-motivated and highly productive, with a strong sense of urgency and accountability Willing to take ownership of one’s work, working both independently and within a small team Meticulous attention to detail Ability to manage and prioritize multiple threads of work Able to work across disciplines Excellent communication and collaboration skills Comfortable providing and receiving actionable feedback in a collaborative team setting Benefits: Benefits: For full-time employees, fully paid medical, dental, and vision for employees and dependents, competitive 401k plan, employer-paid life & disability insurance Perks: Wellness programs, casual dress, snacks, lunch, game room, team and company events Development: Open environment to maximize learning and knowledge sharing Time: Generous PTO, paid holidays, competitive paid caregiver leaves Aquatic Capital This role represents a unique opportunity to join a quantitative investment manager in its early stage of growth. The firm’s culture will be shaped by collaboration, meritocracy, ambition, and calm determination. Aquatic is a proud equal opportunity workplace. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics. Create a Job Alert Interested in building your career at Aquatic Capital Management? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email. Create alert Apply for this job * indicates a required field Autofill my application First Name * Last Name * Preferred First Name Email * Phone Country * Phone * Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Education School * Select... Degree * Select... Discipline * Select... Start date year * End date year * Add another Employment eligibility status * Select... Will you require the firm's sponsorship to obtain, maintain, or extend your employment authorization in the location(s) for which you are applying? Do you have any outstanding offers or deadlines? * If yes, please note any upcoming deadlines or time constraints. Current Location * Location Preference * Select... Note: This internship is only offered in Chicago & London What degree are you currently pursuing or have recently completed? * Select... Please select all fields of study that closely align with your education background * Statistics Machine Learning Mathematics Computer Science Engineering Physics Other For your most recent degree, what is/was your GPA (normalized to a 4.0 scale)? * Select... What year are you expected to graduate? * Select... Have you participated in any of the following mathematics competitions? * IMO or EGMO USAMO, USAJMO, or foreign National Olympiad Putnam USACO, IOI, or ICPC I have not participated in any of these competitions Have you completed any internships? If yes, were any of them at a hedge fund or a proprietary trading firm? * Select... If so, be prepared to discuss your experience, role, and responsibilities during the interview process. What are your annualized total compensation expectations? * How did you hear about this job? * Search engine (e.g., Google) Handshake Employee referral Other What is your Github username? Do not add the Github URL, only add the Username ID Please ensure that you have added a public SSH key to this account before applying. To advance in our interview process, submitting your Github username and public SSH key is required. Submit application Powered by Greenhouse