Global Research 2027 Summer Analyst - London - Bank of America This site stores cookies on your device that contain information about you and your preferences. Strictly Necessary cookies are always on and help our site run smoothly. Others help create customised experiences. If you choose to not make a choice, you will be opted out of all cookies except Strictly Necessary cookies. You can access your preferences at any time by clicking 'View Cookie / Data Protection Notice'. Cookie Policy Accept all cookies I accept the cookie policy Disable non-essential cookies I would like to opt out of cookies Read more Read more about our cookie policy Skip to content Toggle navigation Login | Register Home Global Programs Campus Events Japan Programs Japan Events Help Center Login | Register Global Research 2027 Summer Analyst - London Please note the maximum number of applications that you can submit per recruitment season is 8. You are only allowed to submit: - 3 applications in total to U.S. and Canada programs - 2 applications in total to APAC programs - 2 applications in total to LATAM programs - EMEA applicants are limited to 1 application per recruitment season. Once your application has been submitted, you will be unable to apply to any additional EMEA programs. Program ID 14720 Region Europe, Middle East & Africa Location United Kingdom City London Program Global Research Program Program type Summer internship Entry level Not Applicable Program description Global Research, Summer Analyst London, UK About Us At Bank of America, we are guided by a common purpose to help make financial lives better through the power of every connection. We do this by driving Responsible Growth and delivering for our clients, teammates, communities and shareholders every day. Being a Great Place to Work is core to how we drive Responsible Growth. This includes our commitment to being an inclusive workplace, attracting and developing exceptional talent, supporting our teammates’ physical, emotional, and financial wellness, recognizing and rewarding performance, and how we make an impact in the communities we serve. Bank of America is committed to an in-office culture with specific requirements for office-based attendance and which allows for an appropriate level of flexibility for our teammates and businesses based on role-specific considerations. At Bank of America, you can build a successful career with opportunities to learn, grow, and make an impact. Join us! The team: Our Global Research organization supports its global institutional clients, working closely alongside our institutional sales and trading teams. Our research analysts provide insightful, objective and decisive research designed to enable their clients to make informed investment decisions. Programme Overview Our Summer Analyst programme is designed to offer you a broad and exciting experience of work as a full time Research analyst. During the summer you will be placed within one of our industry, country or product coverage teams. Our Global Research business is comprised of Equity, Credit and Macro Economic Research, and Investment and Derivatives Strategy that together, serve our global institutional client base. Training and Development Your training and development is our top priority with extensive formal training offered at the start of the programme in addition to on the job support, educational speaker events and mentorship throughout. Responsibilities: As a summer analyst, your key tasks and responsibilities may include but are not limited to: Gain unique insight into specific industry sectors and/or tradable financial instruments and structures Develop the necessary confidence and experience to question and challenge senior managers of companies within your sector coverage Develop an understanding of the investment needs of a wide range of different clients in order to provide bespoke recommendations and solutions to help them meet their objectives Eligibility Candidates are required to be pursuing a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree from an accredited college or university with a completion time frame between September 2027 and July 2028. Completion means that you have completed all final exams, coursework, and have no outstanding requirements for graduation. Please note that we reserve the right to request evidence of this completion date before extending an offer. On track for a minimum 2:1 degree classification (or equivalent) Candidates who perform well during the internship may be offered full time employment to commence in July 2028; some lines of business may also offer the opportunity of a January or April start date. You must be available to join on one of these start dates if offered, unfortunately we are unable to offer deferrals. What we are looking for Essential: Fluency in English is essential, and a second European language may also be required for some roles You'll need to demonstrate drive, innovation and a genuine interest in the financial markets Team-working, leadership and problem-solving skills, plus creativity are key qualities, as is the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, multi-task and interact with a variety of people Demonstrates Accountability and Productivity Displays analytical and problem-solving skills Influences decisions and outcomes through effective communication and interpersonal skills Promotes cooperation and commitment within a team environment to achieve goals and deliverables Demonstrates integrity and ethics by earning other’s trust and respect through consistent honesty and professionalism in all interactions Our recruitment process Analyst internship and full-time recruiting takes place on a rolling basis once our applications are open. Assessments often begin before the deadline, so it’s best to submit your application early as this will give you the best chance of being considered for the role. We care deeply about shaping the world of work to be an equal and inclusive one – and that starts with our recruitment process. We know just how important and valuable it is to have a wide range of skills, backgrounds and experiences shaping our work and ideas. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds, and we’re proud to focus on attracting, retaining and developing diverse talent within Bank of America. Together, we aim to mirror the customers, clients and communities we serve. We are an equal opportunities employer, and ensure that no applicant is subject to less favourable treatment on the grounds of gender, gender identity or gender reassignment, marital or civil partner status, race, religion or belief, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origins, age, sexual orientation, being pregnant or on maternity leave, socio-economic background, responsibilities for dependants, physical or mental disability. The Bank selects candidates for interview based on their skills, qualifications and experience. What if I need workplace adjustments? We’re committed to ensuring our online application process provides an equal employment opportunity to all job seekers. If you need a workplace adjustment to search for a job opening, need help completing your application or video interview, please email juniortalentemea@bofa.com and let us know. We will be more than happy to discuss the support you need, and we will respond to your email within two business days. We offer a competitive Salary and Benefits package. Application Deadline October 11 2026 View Cookie / Data Protection Notice Connect with us : Connect with us on linkedin Connect with us on twitter Connect with us on youtube Careers for experienced professionals About us Privacy & security Pay transparency EEO statement Merrill Lynch makes available products and services offered by Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Incorporated (MLPF&S), a registered broker-dealer and Member Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC) , and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation. © Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.