Job Application Portal - Careers - Lincoln International LLC Skip to main content Who We Are About Lincoln International About MarshBerry Firm Leadership Our People By Service Mergers & Acquisitions Capital Advisory Private Funds Advisory Valuations & Opinions By Industry Business Services Consumer Energy Transition, Power & Infrastructure Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Technology By Location Americas Asia Europe What We Do Investment Banking Advisory Mergers & Acquisitions Capital Advisory & Restructuring Private Funds Advisory Valuations & Opinions Portfolio Valuations Transaction Opinions Who We Serve Your Industry Business Services Consumer Energy Transition, Power & Infrastructure Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Technology Your Organization Private Equity Private Companies Public Companies Venture Capital Lenders Our Thinking Careers & Culture Join Our Team Inclusion & Opportunity ESG Worldwide Americas United States Brazil Europe Belgium France Germany Italy The Netherlands Nordic Region Spain Switzerland United Kingdom Asia China India Japan Middle East Dubai Oceania Australia / New Zealand Transactions Investor Relations LCLN News & Events Financial Reports & SEC Filings Stock Information Resources Connect with Us Search the site Thank you for your interest in a career with Lincoln International. Back to Top Who We Are About MarshBerry Our People What We Do Mergers & Acquisitions Capital Advisory & Restructuring Private Funds Advisory Valuations & Opinions Who We Serve Our Thinking Careers & Culture Transactions Worldwide Connect with Us Search Sitemap News & Events Conferences Global Results Lincoln Alumni Regulatory Disclosures Privacy © 2026 Lincoln International LLC Firm details on FINRA’s BrokerCheck This website uses tracking technologies (e.g., cookies and pixels) to enhance user experience, ensure website security and analyze performance. If you click “Accept All” you are directing us to share information about your visit with third parties including social media, advertising, and analytics companies. Read our cookie policy CUSTOMIZE COOKIE SETTINGS ACCEPT ALL REJECT Privacy & Cookies Settings Close Preference Center You can choose not to allow some types of tracking technologies (e.g., cookies, pixels) on this website. Click on the headings below to find information about each category of tracking technologies and to see what options you can select. By enabling cookies and similar tracking technologies for functionality and/or marketing purposes, and clicking “ Save & Accept ,” you consent to their use for those purposes. Strictly Necessary Strictly Necessary Always Enabled These technologies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our system. This includes technologies that ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website. We use strictly necessary technologies to store your selections made within the cookie banner and to remember them for your next visit of our website. You can set your broser to block or alert about these tracking technologies, but some parts of our website may not work as intended. Functional functional Functional tracking technologies are used to enhance user experience by saving user preferences and by providing website services. These tracking technologies also allow us to see what traffic comes from which source to better tailor the user experience. They may be set by us or by third parties whose technologies we use on our website. Marketing marketing Marketing tracking technologies and limited third-party platforms are used to aggregate visits and website traffic so we can measure the impact and performance of the website. They also allow us to understand what content users interact with the most and the least and improve our performance by understanding what pages are the most popular. These technologies are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. Currently, we use marketing tracking technologies for services provided to us by third parties. Save & Accept