 How to Pass the Suited Assessment (2026) AI CV AI Interview Log in Browse Tests Browse Tests Browse Tests Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Test Free Abstract Reasoning Test Free Psychometric Test Free Numerical Reasoning Test Free Numerical SHL Test Free Critical Thinking Test Free Personality Test Free Pilot Aptitude Test Free Verbal Reasoning Test Free Spatial Reasoning Test Tests Providers Tests Providers SHL Watson Glaser Cut-e/Aon Saville Arctic Shores Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Sova Pymetrics TestGorilla Hogan CCAT & UCAT Best Seller Products Best Seller Products Banking Summer Internship Watson Glaser Public Health Specialists SHL Arctic Shores Cut-e/Aon Saville Executive Aptitude Tests Banking Spring Internships Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Qantas Pilots Psychometric Test Thomas GIA Raven's Progressive Matrices McKinsey Problem Solving (Imbellus) Personality & Behavioural Personality & Behavioural Situational Judgement Test Thomas GIA Saville Aptitude Test Cubiks Test OPQ32 Adept-15 Korn Ferry Leadership Potential Predictive Index (PI) McQuaig Word Survey Myers Briggs Other Popular Assessments Other Popular Assessments Emirates Cabin Crew Test UBS Assessment BKSB Test Ravens Progressive Matrices Saville Aptitude Test Amazon Assessment SHL Excel Questions Video Interview Prep Arctic Shores Premium Membership AI CV AI Interview About Us Log in AI CV AI Interview My PrepPacks™ Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Test Free Abstract Reasoning Test Free Psychometric Test Free Numerical Reasoning Test Free Numerical SHL Test Free Critical Thinking Test Free Personality Test Free Pilot Aptitude Test Free Verbal Reasoning Test Free Spatial Reasoning Test Tests Providers Tests Providers SHL Watson Glaser Cut-e/Aon Saville Arctic Shores Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Sova Pymetrics TestGorilla Hogan CCAT & UCAT Best Seller Products Best Seller Products Banking Summer Internship Watson Glaser Public Health Specialists SHL Arctic Shores Cut-e/Aon Saville Executive Aptitude Tests Banking Spring Internships Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Qantas Pilots Psychometric Test Thomas GIA Raven's Progressive Matrices McKinsey Problem Solving (Imbellus) Personality & Behavioural Personality & Behavioural Situational Judgement Test Thomas GIA Saville Aptitude Test Cubiks Test OPQ32 Adept-15 Korn Ferry Leadership Potential Predictive Index (PI) McQuaig Word Survey Myers Briggs Other Popular Assessments Other Popular Assessments Emirates Cabin Crew Test UBS Assessment BKSB Test Ravens Progressive Matrices Saville Aptitude Test Amazon Assessment SHL Excel Questions Video Interview Prep Arctic Shores Premium Membership Homepage Banking Tests Suited Assessment Practice Homepage Banking Tests Suited Assessment Practice Passing the Suited Assessment - Guide and Example Questions Passing the Suited Assessment - Guide and Example Questions Suited is an AI-driven recruiting platform that specializes in the Investment Banking and Law industries. The tests are notoriously challenging as they are designed to assess your logical reasoning and attention to detail under a strict time constraint, as well as to evaluate your behavioural tendencies . Practice can go a long way in sharpening these skills . Contained within the Suited Practice Pack you will find: Checking Practice - helping you shorten your response time to questions that involve identifying similar prompts. Logical Reasoning Practice - familiarising you with techniques for finding logical proofs, both inductive and deductive. Number Series Practice - building your numerical pattern recognition skills from the ground up. Personality Tutorials - teaching you how to highlight your best attributes through behavioural questionnaires. Suited Assessment Practice 1 Week 1 Month 3 Months One-Time Payment The Suited Assessment Pack Includes : Checking and Accuracy Tests These help you quickly identify similar and dissimilar prompts. Logical Reasoning Introduction to Formal Logic Tutorial Full-length Logical Reasoning Tests Number Series Practice Tests Full Answers and Explanations Basic to Difficult Questions Personality Personality Testing Theory and Practice Guides Sample Personality Tests 1 Month Access Realistic practice tests & study guides Created by experts with a focus on accuracy Show More Money Back Guarantee Read about the tests | Answer sample Suited questions Hadassah, Cognitive Test Developer at JobTestPrep I am Hadassah Goldberg, a Cognitive Test Developer at JobTestPrep, holding a BSc in Neuroscience and Cognition Studies with a minor in Philosophy. With extensive experience in education and content development, I specialize in providing expert insights and strategies for various assessments. I am also responsible for creating test questions and instructional videos for our PrepPacks, ensuring that each resource supports learners in achieving their full potential. Have a question? Contact me at: ask_the_team@jobtestprep.co.uk Applying for multiple companies? See our Banking Summer Internship PrepPack ! What Is the Suited Assessment? Suited is a manufacturer of cognitive and behavioural evaluations uniquely designed to assist law and finance recruiting. It is growing in popularity, especially in applications for early-career finance opportunities like summer internships , Spring Week , and graduate schemes. The cognitive section of the assessment, known as the Suited Essential Competencies Assessment, is particularly tough and catches many candidates off guard , due to its restrictive time limit and large battery of questions. Which Firms Use Suited Assessments? The Suited Assessments, though newer on the market than some more established pre-employment evaluations like Watson Glaser , have already been picked up by several big-name players. In banking, these partner firms include names like Houlihan Lokey , PJT Partners , RBS , and Harris Williams. In law, they include such industry giants as Skadden and Kirkland & Ellis. Why Do Firms Use the Suited Assessment? Suited partners primarily with successful companies in the fields of investment banking and law. This is no coincidence, as these two types of firms are flooded yearly with a barrage of requests for internships, training contracts, and vacation schemes. The truth is, that having an additional tool to filter through the mountains of CVs is simply an indispensable necessity for such companies . Some will rightly question the fairness of mounting additional strain and labour on candidates who, typically, have already undergone intensive schooling. A more fruitful approach, however, is to recognise that these tests present you with an opportunity : a bit of practice beforehand can put you at a significant advantage over other candidates! The Suited Assessment can also boost the candidacy of applicants whose on-paper credentials aren’t quite sufficient or are below the firm's cutoff. Are you looking for full Suited Assessment practice tests? We offer a preparation course that walks you through logical reasoning tips and teaches you about syllogisms, contrapositives, and analytical strategies to enhance your problem-solving skills. Get the Full Practice Pack Suited Assessment Questions Below are a series of Suited Assessment examples. You can use them to gain a basic idea of what the tests look like. As you answer these questions, consider that the real test contains a series of each question type, and you are being timed. These examples are therefore not intended to accurately reflect the test-taking experience. An accurate simulation can be found on our Suited Assessment Preparation Pack . The Suited Essential Competencies Assessment This part of the Suited Tests is timed, save for an example at the beginning of each section. It takes about 15 minutes to go through the entire test. The Essential Competencies Assessment must be taken on a desktop or laptop computer, as it is not compatible with a mobile-sized screen. Wrong answers will cause points to be taken off your total score , so guessing is not recommended. What Does the Essential Competencies Assessment Measure? The test measures your attention to detail under time pressure, your logical reasoning capabilities, and your numerical skills. Qu #1 - Checking Qu #2 - Checking Qu #3 - Logical Reasoning Qu #3 - Number Series Question #1 - Checking Observe the following two prompts and indicate whether they are identical or different: a%g6F4$a0F5 | a%g6F4$a0f5 Same Wrong Different Correct! View Explanation The prompts are very similar, but the one on the right has a capital F in the second-to-right position, while the one on the left has a lowercase f in the same position. The correct answer is Different Tip : With questions like these, it often helps to convert the visual stimulus into an auditory one. Think of a way to differentiate the sounds of capital and lowercase letters, and invent a sound for non-letter characters. This will decrease your response time and help you answer more questions in the allotted time. Question #2 - Checking Look at the following set of characters, then select all the matches out of the list below: fG$Hh1 fG$hH1 Wrong fG$Hh1 Correct! fGsHh1 Wrong fG$HhI Wrong No Match Wrong View Explanation In this example, there is only one accurate match. In answer 1, the capital and lowercase Hs have swapped places. In answer 3, the '$' sign has been substituted for an 's'. In answer 4, the '1' has been replaced with an 'I'. This leaves one option. The correct answer is 2 Did You Know : The choice of letters, digits, and numbers that carry no meaning is intentional, and is intended to avoid cultural bias. Question #3 - Logical Reasoning Read the following statements: All plastic bags make noise. Not all plastic bags are reusable. Some noisy plastic bags are reusable. Based on what you've read, indicate whether the following statement is true, false, or indeterminate: There are single-use plastic bags that also make noise. True Correct! False Wrong Insufficient Information Wrong View Explanation According to the second sentence, there are plastic bags that are not reusable - but you do not know how many. Combined with the first sentence, it follows there are plastic bags that are not reusable and also make noise. The correct answer is True Tip : Practice active reading. Don't just scan the statements, read them carefully while paying attention to important keywords, like "some", "all", "only if" and "if-then". Question #4 - Number Series What number completes the pattern below? 13 | 45 | 26 | -15 | 52 | 5 | 104 | ? -55 Wrong -1 2⁄3 Correct! 208 Wrong 3 Wrong View Explanation There are two alternating sequences in this series, each following a different rule: The odd terms (indicated in red): the numbers double each time. The even terms: the numbers divided by :(-3). The correct answer is -1 2⁄3 The Suited Psychometric Assessment After finishing the cognitive part of the Suited Assessments, you will likely have to take the Psychometric Assessment , which is essentially a behavioural test designed to ascertain the degree to which you match the organisation and position that you are applying for. It also measures your stress response style, to ensure you are capable of dealing with pressure. The majority of questions on this test will either ask you to rank how much you agree that a statement describes you , or to indicate which of two statements describes you better . On both question types, you must assess which traits are represented in the question, and answer in a way that highlights the traits you want your employer to notice. Example Qu #1 Example Qu #2 Example #1 During discussions, I usually lead most of the conversation Very much like me Like me Somewhat like me Not like me Not like me at all View Explanation The traits shown here are assertiveness and dominance . These are considered very good traits for candidates applying to leadership and management positions. If, however, you are applying for a junior or entry-level position, it is advisable not to rank too high on these qualities. Your employer likely wants to know that you are capable of listening to instructions and doing as you are told. Tip : Don't forget to consider your position and rank within the company. There is no single set of traits employers look for across all candidates, but rather unique profiles associated with each job. Don't be disingenuous. Remember, your interviewer will see these results. Simply try to bring out your best self. Example #2 Which statement do you agree with more? I am a little fussy about who I trust to think through issues with On occasion, I battle with a quick temper Strongly Agree Slightly Agree Slightly Agree Strongly Agree View Explanation This question measures your cooperativeness and composure . The key to answering questions like this is to remember that other questions will measure the same traits, so though it may seem like you are forced to choose, you can still control your ranking on each trait across a host of questions. Pass Your Suited Assessment With Flying Colours! Utilise well-crafted questions that simulate the ones on the tests, and cover all basic competencies required for the real thing: attention to detail, logical reasoning, and numerical skills. Each question comes complete with a full solution and explanation. Practise bringing out your best qualities using the attached personality assessment guide. Start Preparing Today FAQs How Long Does The Suited Assessment Take? The logical and numerical section, also known as the Suited Essential Competencies Assessment, takes about 15 minutes to complete. The behavioural assessment is untimed. Is the Suited Assessment Hard? Yes. Many candidates take the test unprepared and are taken aback by the challenge. With practice, the test can be passed though. How Do You Pass a Suited Assessment? Practice makes perfect. Take the test fully prepared, after a good night's sleep, and when you are feeling good. Do You Have To Take the Test Every Time You Apply? No. You can shorten the process and take the test for multiple firms by going to the Suited Website. This way, early career candidates can show their suited profile to several potential employers rather than take the test for each one. ﻿ 🔍Taking Multiple Finance Tests? HSBC | UBS | Bain & Co | Macquarie | Morgan Stanley | EIB | Deloitte | Deutsche Bank | Barclays | KPMG | PWC | Lazard | EY | Nomura | BCG | BNP Paribas | Jefferies | Moelis & Co | RBC | BoA | AlixPartners | Fidelity | Job Simulation | Pre-recorded Video Interview | HireVue Interview | AI Interview Bundles: Summer Internship | Spring Week | Big 4 More Free Practice We at JobTestPrep find the assessment tests world highly diverse and fascinating. If you are looking to deepen your knowledge in the aptitude tests world, or you want some extra practice before your test, we've got you covered! Check out these fantastic free practice tests (all are completely free): Free Aptitude Test | Free Psychometric Test | Free Numerical Reasoning Test | Free Verbal Reasoning Test | Free Cognitive Test | Free Critical Thinking Test | Free Abstract Reasoning Test | Free Spatial Reasoning Test | Free Personality Test | Free Inductive Test | Free Mechanical Reasoning Test Suited and all other trademarks mentioned on this page are the properties of their respective trademark owners. The use of their name here is for instructional purposes and is not intended to suggest affiliation or endorsement. Get Started Now Money Back Guarantee JobTestPrep JobTestPrep Since 1992, JobTestPrep has stood for true-to-original online test and assessment centre preparation. Our decades of experience make us a leading international provider of test training. Over one million customers have already used our products to prepare professionally for their recruitment tests. Our Websites Our Websites Arabic Site Denmark Germany Netherlands Norway Sweden United States TestPrep-Online Company Company About Us Meet the Team Privacy Contact Us Blog Answers from Experts Help Help Contact Us Terms & Conditions Refund Policy Partnerships Partnerships Affiliate Programme Recruiters Higher Education Copyright © 2026 JobTestPrep. All Rights Reserved.