Job Application for Salesforce Developer at GoCardless Back to jobs New Salesforce Developer Leeds, UK Apply About us GoCardless, a Mollie company, is a global leader in bank payments. Over 100,000 businesses, from start-ups to household names, use GoCardless to collect, manage and send bank payments through Direct Debit, real-time payments and open banking. With US$130bn+ processed annually across 30+ countries, we handle recurring and one-off payments without the chasing, stress, or expensive fees. Our end-to-end payment platform also features AI-powered solutions to improve payment success and reduce fraud, alongside connections to over 350 platforms businesses use everyday. We are headquartered in the UK, with teams and operations spanning North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific. For more information, please visit www.gocardless.com and follow us on LinkedIn @GoCardless. Mollie is the leading payments and financial services partner for business, rooted in Europe, with global reach. The role As a GoCardless Salesforce Developer, you will own the integrity and strength of the solutions you recommend. You’ll be acting as a trusted advisor to our team and internal customers. You will need a deep understanding of the Salesforce platform with specific experience in Sales Cloud, and deep knowledge of either CPQ or, preferably, Agentforce Revenue Management. Top-notch people skills to get your ideas and solutions across to stakeholders are required and the ability to deliver solutions and help grow experience within the team to do the same. The Salesforce Developer will form a key foundation for a new team within GoCardless, Salesforce Development, to expedite cross-functional changes across our business systems. You will be responsible for delivering meaningful changes to the business, working alongside other Salesforce Developers, Administrators, Integration Architects, Business Analysts and Business Intelligence to collaborate on specifications based on stakeholder requirements, validate the proposals, and deliver the solutions. What excites you Collaborate with the Commercial & Operational arms of the organisation, business analysts and other stakeholders to validate business requirements and any considerations (security, scalability, limits), and deliver those changes using the whole of the Sales Cloud, Revenue Cloud, Data Cloud platforms. Enhance integrations: use Salesforce APIs to integrate with other systems used in the organisation. Follow Best Practices: adhere to Salesforce best practices, maintain code documentation, and write/maintain test classes for all custom development, Take ownership of release cycles to implement and deploy new/updates to existing applications and code. Integrate and maintain business applications to Salesforce, such as DocuSign, Qualtrics, Kernel, and marketing tools etc. Help grow knowledge and best practice within the team and the wider business. Assist with development of quality assurance. Use our DevOps and Quality tooling to deploy reliable consistent enhancements. What excites us Experience & Education : 3+ years of Salesforce development experience underpinned with strong Salesforce Sales Cloud and CPQ product knowledge. Additional Salesforce certifications e.g. Certified Salesforce Administrator, Certified Salesforce Platform App Builder, Platform Developer II, JavaScript Developer I. Bachelor’s or Master’s in IT, Computer Science, or related field, or equivalent experience. Technical Skills: Proficiency in Apex, SOQL, VisualForce, Java, and Lightning components Strong knowledge of CPQ or Revenue Cloud, including product catalogue build, pricing strategies, product rules, pricing rules and approvals automation. Experience in all core elements of Salesforce Sales Cloud configuration. A proactive attitude to Salesforce enhancements and bringing existing code and configuration into best practices. Experience with Salesforce architecture and custom coding Familiarity with business process analysis and CRM systems Ability to write, interpret, and critique technical specifications. Experience working with large data sets and bulkification. Soft skills: the ability to gather requirements and present solutions to stakeholders. A self-starter, experienced in leading projects or delivery work streams. Able to collaborate and communicate effectively with business stakeholders / other Salesforce team members. Nice to have: Experience with Revenue Cloud Experience with Data Cloud / Data 360 Salesforce Developer Certification preferred Integrated systems development Active in the Salesforce community Experience integrating marketing tools with SalesForce Base salary range: £36,000 - £54,000 Base salary ranges are based on role, job level, location, and market data. Please note that whilst we strive to offer competitive compensation, our approach is to pay between the minimum and the mid-point of the pay range until performance can be assessed in role. Offers will take into account level of experience, interview assessment, budgets and parity between you and fellow employees at GoCardless doing similar work. (some of) The good stuff Wellbeing - stay healthy with dedicated support and medical cover Work away scheme - gives you the option to work away from your country of residence for up to 90 days in any 12 month period Adaptive Working - allows you to work flexibly, around your lifestyle Parental leave - to suit everyone embarking on life's great adventure Learning Budget - lead your own development with an annual learning budget Time off - generous holiday allowance, + 3 annual volunteer days, + 4 annual business-wide wellness days (‘GC Fridays’) Life at GoCardless We're an organisation defined by our values ; We start with why before we begin any project, to ensure it’s aligned with our mission. We act with integrity , always. We care deeply about what we do and we know it's essential that we be humble whilst we do it. Working this way creates the GC magic- the reason we all love showing up to work. Diversity & Inclusion As of April 2025, we had 806 employees (GeeCees) globally, with 524 based in the UK, 163 based in Latvia and 119 across our other offices. To ensure that we're representative of the world around us - and to be able to review relevant benchmarks - we ask GeeCees to voluntarily disclose diversity data. This year, the proportion of GeeCees providing data increased to 88% (up from 79% in 2024). With regards to diversity within GoCardless, we can see GeeCees identifying as: Asian, Black, Mixed or Other — 25% Neurodiverse — 9% LGBTQIA+ — 9% Disabled — 1% Average age — 33 Female — 45% Male — 55% We’re rooting for you during your application and GoCardless aims to provide reasonable adjustments to make our recruitment process as remarkable and accessible as we can. Please speak to your Talent Partner if you need extra support. If you want to learn more, you can read about our Employee Resource Groups and objectives here Sustainability We’re committed to reducing our impact on the environment, leaving a more sustainable world for future generations. Check out our sustainability action plan here. Find out more about Life at GoCardless via Twitter , Instagram and LinkedIn . Create a Job Alert Interested in building your career at GoCardless? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email. Create alert Apply for this job * indicates a required field Autofill my application First Name * Last Name * Preferred First Name Email * Phone Country Phone Resume/CV Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Your privacy at GoCardless * Select... You share personal data with us which we use for our recruitment program. Read more about it in our recruitment privacy notice. Would you need us to sponsor a work visa? * Select... Pay range transparency * Select... At GoCardless we’re committed to fostering an inclusive and high-performance culture built on trust and transparency. To ensure you have a clear understanding of the compensation and potential growth for this opportunity, we’ve shared the full base salary pay range for this role. Please note, our approach is to offer salaries between the minimum and mid-point of the range. We want to manage expectations from the start, and if your application is successful you can discuss any questions around the pay range and salary with your Talent Partner. Are you able to commute to our Leeds office at least once a week? * Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse