Job Application for Women in Trading Spring Week 2027 at Maven Back to jobs New Women in Trading Spring Week 2027 London Apply Women in Trading Spring Week Maven Securities is a leading proprietary trading firm that leverages sophisticated technology and quantitative analysis to trade in global financial markets. We specialise in options and derivatives market making, where your skills can be directly applied to have a real impact. At Maven, we believe exceptional careers are built deliberately. We invest in developing future talent through our Emerging Talent programmes. Programme details Location : London Programme dates : Monday 12th April - Friday 16th April 2027 This one-week insight event is designed to give you a first-hand overview of Trading at Maven. It offers a unique opportunity to understand the skills and knowledge needed to succeed, network with Maven employees, and immerse yourself in our friendly and highly rewarding culture. What you will be doing: Shadow current Trader Graduates to experience day-to-day life in a high-performance trading firm Engage in trading simulations and hands-on market making exercises Network with Maven employees and immerse yourself in our company culture Gain unique insight into Maven's business and discover how each department works together How and what you will learn: Attend dedicated sessions on options market making and macro economics led by Maven's trading team Get an introduction to the technology that powers a trading desk - the tools, platforms and systems our traders use, and how technology and trading work together Build a foundational understanding of the analytical and numerical skills required for a career in proprietary trading Be assessed throughout the week for a fast-tracked place on our 2028 Summer Trading Internship Who you are: Key criteria A student in your first year of a three-year course, or second year of a four-year course, studying in the UK A genuine interest in Trading and a curiosity to learn Maven's Women's Spring Week Programme is an unpaid insight event aimed at giving more female and non-binary students, who are underrepresented in Trading and Technology, exposure to the industry. As such, this event is only for women and non-binary students. If this isn't the right fit for you, please check our Emerging Talent webpage to view our other opportunities that are open to all, including Internship and Graduate Programmes. We're looking for someone who is An agile learner who is able to quickly acquire knowledge, take on feedback, and adapt Collaborative, able to build trust, work effectively with others and positively impact your cohort A critical problem solver who can analyse situations, think clearly and share ideas Why Maven? Proven Pathways : Benefit from our structured pipeline programmes that set you up for long-term success. Spring Week is the first step in Maven's early careers pipeline, opening the door to our Summer Trading Internship and the Graduate Programme beyond Dedicated In-House Trainers : Gain the tools to succeed by learning directly from our trading team and Graduates during tailored sessions Supported to Succeed : We are committed to fostering an inclusive workplace where everyone can perform at their best. This programme is part of our commitment to supporting students who are underrepresented in trading Grow with Guidance : Enjoy networking opportunities, support throughout the week from Emerging Talent, and informal off-desk chats with our traders and graduates Please note: We accept one application per candidate, per recruitment cycle. We can only accept applications from those currently studying in the UK. Create a Job Alert Interested in building your career at Maven? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email. Create alert Apply for this job * indicates a required field Autofill my application First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf How did you hear about this job? * Select... Are you in your 1st year of a 3-year degree or your 2nd year of a 4-year degree? * Select... Please note: this is required, in order to be eligible for this opportunity. Do you have the right to work in the UK? * Select... This includes British Citizenship, Pre/Settled Status or a current valid visa (for example, a Tier 4 student visa) which expires after 20th August 2027 and permits you working in full-time employment. Will you require visa sponsorship to join the programme? * Select... Which degree subject are you currently studying? * Select... Which university do you currently attend? * Which year will you be graduating or expecting to graduate? * Select... If you require any support or adjustments during the recruitment process for any reason including those related to a disability, please indicate yes here and we will be in contact. * Select... If you have selected yes to the question above, please provide further details. Maven is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive culture for our employees. It is crucial for us to understand the demographics of our candidate pool to measure our recruitment practices. There is no requirement for any candidate to answer our demographic questions. Maven is an equal opportunity employer and this data will be used for opportunity monitoring purposes. Select... What is your ethnic group? * Select... Which gender do you identify with? * Select... If you selected 'Prefer to self-describe', please provide more information here. What is your religion or belief? * Select... What is your sexual orientation? * Select... What type of school did you mainly attend between the ages of 11 and 16? * Select... If you went to university (college in the USA) or home country equivalent, were you the first of your family to do so? * Select... If you finished school after 1980, were you eligible for free school meals at any point during your school years? * Select... Do you have a disability or long-term health condition including, but not limited to: visual and hearing impairments, mobility impairments, autism, diabetes, epilepsy, dyslexia, dyspraxia, mental health conditions, speech impairments and major illnesses such as cancer and MS? * Select... Recruitment Privacy Notice * Select... Please acknowledge you have read Maven's Recruitment Privacy Policy Candidate Confidentiality Agreement * Select... Please acknowledge you have read Maven's Candidate Confidentiality Agreement Submit application Powered by Greenhouse