Lazard Student Skip to main content. sitemap Profile Sign Out View More Jobs 2027 London Financial Advisory Summer Internship London, United Kingdom (Hybrid) Job Description Lazard is one of the world’s preeminent financial advisory and asset management firms. Our people and culture make the difference. While global in presence and reach, ours is a close, collaborative community of just over 3,000 professionals. Lazard is a place of continuous knowledge sharing, skill development and relationship building, where professionals grow and succeed together. Our entrepreneurial culture, flat structure and embrace of individual differences, allow creative ideas, original concepts, and unique perspectives to drive our business forward — and for careers to take flight.As an intern you will be assigned to a sector or product team for the duration of the ten-week programme, providing exposure to different teams, bankers, and clients. You will be involved in real work for real clients, so not only will you gain invaluable practical experience, but you will also have exposure to a network of senior finance experts who will be on hand to share their experiences with you and to offer you support and guidance.You will be supporting our transaction teams in project work by conducting:financial and statistical analysiscompany and industry sector researchcreation of client presentations and marketing materials As part of the ten-week internship, you will attend one week of technical training before joining your team and will also receive follow-up technical and presentation skills training during the programme.During the final week of the internship, you will be asked to give a ten-minute presentation to a panel of senior bankers.A Lazard Summer Internship can lead to a full-time offer for the following year’s Analyst programme. Whatever subject you’re reading, all you need right now is a passion and flair for thinking differently and deeply about the challenge in front of you. Whether you realise it or not, you’ve already got the skills we’re looking for. Eligibility CriteriaCandidates must be in the penultimate year of their first undergraduate degree (which may include an integrated master’s programme), with an expected graduation year of 2028.Global Notice on the Use of AI-Enabled Interview Tools in RecruitmentJob Opportunities at LazardRepresentation at LazardLazard is an intellectual capital business committed to delivering the best advice and solutions to clients. To achieve these objectives, we focus on attracting, developing and retaining the best talent. We believe that a workforce comprised of people who represent a wide array of backgrounds, experiences and perspectives creates a rich variety of thought that empowers us to challenge conventional wisdom, solve problems creatively and make better decisions.Lazard was built on the premise that a multicultural firm can best serve a global clientele. As a global firm that has grown organically from local roots in different countries, we have a deep tradition of respecting and appreciating individual differences. Doing so has been core to our success for over 175 years. We are committed to sustaining an environment where every colleague is supported in their professional pursuits, can maximize their individual potential and contribute to our collective success. Apply Now Job Info Job Identification 6561 Posting Date 08/09/2026, 17:17 Locations 20 Manchester Square, London, , W1U 3PZ, GB (Hybrid) © MapTiler © OpenStreetMap contributors Legend Jobs at a location Group of locations © MapTiler © OpenStreetMap contributors | © Oracle CorporationTermsLegal Notices Use control and scroll to zoom the map Use two fingers to move the map 20 Manchester Square, London, , W1U 3PZ, GB Copy to Clipboard Similar Jobs See More Jobs © Lazard Privacy Notice Terms Of Use Legal Notice Regulatory Disclosures Security and Fraud Awareness FOLLOW US I am an employee By clicking “Stay Opted-in”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Stay opted-in Reject All Manage Preferences Are You Still With Us? It seems you've been gone for a while. For security reasons we will end your session automatically in 03:00 unless you would like to continue working. End Session Continue Working Work Summary This summary is generated by AI Assist. Click inside the summary text box to make changes as necessary. 1000Required Discard Add Summary Page 2027 London Financial Advisory Summer Internship - Lazard Student Careers loaded