Job Application for Operational Tax, Senior Manager at Monzo Back to jobs New Operational Tax, Senior Manager Cardiff, London or Remote (UK) Apply 🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ 📍London or Remote (UK) | 💰 £94,700 - £111,400 ➕ incentive awards tied to your performance | Benefits | Hear from the team ⭐ About the role We're looking for a hands-on, detail-oriented and proactive Operational Tax Senior Manager to support the Tax team at Monzo, and our wider Finance and Product teams. You'll be joining our Tax Team and will be leading on all taxes that touch our customers and their tax reporting, across the UK and Europe. You’ll report into our Tax Governance Lead. This role covers all taxes that relate to customer liabilities or customer tax reporting. These are a core part of product design: we make sure we comply with our own obligations, and we make it as easy as possible for customers to comply with theirs. As we launch new products and enter new markets, this is a key area of our tax strategy, and this role gives you the exciting opportunity to own it and work closely with diverse teams across the business. 🔑 You’ll play a key role by… Owning operational tax: Be Monzo’s subject matter expert on operational tax, advising the business and making sure we meet our obligations as we grow and enter new markets. Leading compliance & controls: Own our operational tax processes and controls across jurisdictions, including BBSI, ISA reporting, FATCA and CRS, Corporate Criminal Offence and CT61s, plus overseas equivalents. Build new processes and controls as our products and markets evolve. Shaping new products: Partner with Product and local market teams from the outset to embed tax into product design, build the right reporting and controls, and pressure-test edge cases. Staying ahead of change: Keep on top of tax laws, regulations and case law across the UK and EU, translating changes into clear actions and helping Monzo prepare for new requirements. Partnering across Monzo: Work closely with Product, Financial Crime, Engineering, Legal, EU Next Markets and Finance to solve problems and support business initiatives from an operational tax perspective. 🤩 We’d love to hear from you if… You’re a qualified accountant and/or qualified tax advisor, or qualified by significant experience. You have significant in-house experience working in Operational Tax. You’re comfortable working relatively autonomously. You’re energetic and are hands-on with your work, tackling whatever needs doing to make things happen. You have an eye for detail and enjoy working methodically through processes. What we’re doing at Monzo excites you! 🙌 What’s in it for you 💰 £94,700 - £111,400 + incentive awards tied to your performance 📍 We're open to distributed working within the UK, with the expectation of working from the London office on occasional basis. ⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team. 📚 £1,000 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences. 🏡 We will set you up to work from home; all employees are given Macbooks and for fully remote workers we will provide extra support for your work-from-home setup. ➕ Plus lots more! Read our full list of benefits . 🌈 The application journey has 4 key steps Phone call with Recruiter (30 mins) Initial video call with Tax member (30 mins) Case study video interview with Hiring Manager and Tax member (60 mins) Stakeholder interview (45 mins) Our average process takes around 3–4 weeks, but we will always work around your availability. We’ll only close this role once we have enough applications for the next stage. Please submit your application as soon as possible to make sure you don’t miss out. We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo. You can read them here . #LI-NZ1 #LI-Remote Equal opportunities for everyone Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our blog , 2026 Diversity and Inclusion Report and 2025 Gender Pay Gap Report. We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status. If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊 Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf 🛂 Please confirm your Right to Work status in the location where this job is advertised. * Select... We legally have to verify that you have the right to work in the location where you'd be working from. Your answer to this question won't affect the outcome of your application, unless you'd need visa sponsorship but are applying to a role we don't sponsor. 🇺🇸 Are you a US Person? * Select... A US Person is defined as someone who: was born in the United States (US) has at least 1 parent who was born in the US is a naturalised citizen of the US is a green card holder is a US tax resident 🔐 Keeping your data safe is really important to us. Please take a look at our Candidate Data Privacy Notice (linked below) and confirm that you have. * Select... 🔗 Candidate Data Privacy Notice . If you’d like to, please share your preferred pronouns (eg. they/them/theirs, she/her/hers). If you'd like to, please spell out your name how it's pronounced so we know how to say it. 👤 Identity survey Our goal at Monzo is to make money work for everyone. To do that, working at Monzo must work for everyone. We want to create an equitable, engaged and innovative workplace which gives people from all backgrounds the support they need to thrive and grow. Making Monzo work for everyone starts right at the beginning of every Monzonaut's journey: when they apply to work here. This demographic survey will help us better understand the people who apply to work at Monzo. It'll help us see how different groups progress through our hiring process, and where we need to make improvements to be more inclusive. If you choose to fill it out, all of the information you give us is: Voluntary . And we've included a "prefer not to say" option for every question. It'd be helpful if you still fill out the survey even if you choose "prefer not to say" for every question, as it's useful for us to understand & record this. We won't know if you choose to fill this survey in or not. Anonymous to Monzo . We can't tie your responses to you and they won't make a difference to the outcome of your application. We'll only use grouped responses for equal opportunities monitoring in our hiring process. For more information on how we'll use this data, please read our candidate privacy notice . By filling out this survey, you agree that we can use your responses for the purposes we've mentioned above. You are not letting us know if we need to make any adjustments to the hiring process because of disability or neurodiversity - to do this please email us. How would you describe your gender identity? Select... Do you identify as transgender? Select... What's your sexual orientation? Select... Do you identify as having a disability? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodivergent? Select... How would your describe your ethnicity? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse