Kernel ATS Ardea PartnersCampus Opportunities - Ardea Partners - Summer Internship 2027Ardea Partners - 2027 Summer Analyst ProgrammeThank you for applying to Ardea Partners' 2027 Summer Analyst program. Ardea’s interns are valued members of the team, developing core M&A and strategic advisory skills whilst gaining experience in providing thoughtful advice and building client relationships across a variety of industries. As a part of our lean deal teams, interns will take active roles on live transactions and client interactions, assisting teams with financial modeling, research, and development of impactful client materials. The internship program is not just about participating; it is about being at the heart of the action, learning from the best, and playing a pivotal role in our firm's ongoing success.We nurture a tight-knit community that promotes a culture of mutual support and collective advancement. We pride ourselves on our apprenticeship model, in which interns develop strong technical and soft skills through close collaboration with highly experienced industry-leading bankers.Ardea's success is the result of our culture of respect, trust, growth, and commitment. We take great pride in the work we do to support and nurture our ethos.Ardea Partners: Data UsageIt is the policy of Ardea Partners to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, colour, religion or belief, creed, age, sex, sex stereotype, gender, gender identity, or expression or reassignment, transgender, sexual orientation, national origin, citizenship, disability, marital and civil partnership / union status, pregnancy, maternity, veteran or military service status, genetic information or any other characteristics protected by law. To help Ardea Partners comply with equal employment opportunity record keeping, reporting and other legal requirements, we would appreciate your answers to the questions under "Applicant Demographic Information". Your participation in this section of the survey is entirely voluntary. Neither your refusal to provide the requested information, nor any answers you do choose to give, will impact your eligibility or consideration for employment, or affect the evaluation of your job-related qualifications. The information you provide on this form will be kept private and maintained in a confidential file separate from your application for employment, and will only be used for the purposes of monitoring and evaluating diversity statistics at recruitment stage. This information is processed internally for no longer than is necessary, and is processed in accordance with Ardea Partners' Privacy Policy which can be accessed here (https://www.ardeapartners.com/privacy-policy)Apply following the steps belowSelect your preferred application methodContinue with EmailBy continuing, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy