Summer internship | PwC UK Careers Skip to content Skip to footer Early careers Experienced careers Flexible or contractor careers Working at PwC Our people, their stories. More Search Menu Early careers Early careers Applying and FAQs Employability hub Entry level Graduate Our events Our job search Training and development Undergraduate Menu Early careers Applying and FAQs Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessment and selection process Do you need immigration authorisation to work in the UK? FAQs The behaviours we look for Menu Early careers Employability hub Menu Early careers Entry level Entry level programmes Flying Start degree programmes New World. New Skills. Virtual Insight Programme Menu Early careers Graduate Advisory and Consulting Audit, Accounting, Tax and Finance Legal Services Strategy Technology and AI Menu Early careers Our events Virtual Classroom Menu Early careers Our job search Menu Early careers Training and development Menu Early careers Undergraduate Diversity Programmes Legal Summer Vacation Scheme Summer Internship Undergraduate Work Placement Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Experienced careers Experienced careers Application support Careers toolkit Partner recruitment Search all jobs Menu Experienced careers Application support Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessments - what to expect Our application experience PwC sponsorship and working permits Recruitment agencies The behaviours we look for Menu Experienced careers Careers toolkit Menu Experienced careers Partner recruitment Menu Experienced careers Search all jobs Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Flexible careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible careers Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Working at PwC Working at PwC Career development Discover our UK offices Inclusion Our business areas Our people. Their stories Reward and benefits Wellbeing at PwC Menu Working at PwC Career development Menu Working at PwC Discover our UK offices Menu Working at PwC Inclusion Menu Working at PwC Our business areas Actuarial Audit Business Solutions Consulting Deals Legal Operate Tax Technology Menu Working at PwC Our people. Their stories Menu Working at PwC Reward and benefits Menu Working at PwC Wellbeing at PwC Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Our people, their stories. Our people, their stories. Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Loading Results No Match Found View All Results Summer internship at PwC For undergraduate students graduating in 2028 Much more than a summer job Duration Four to eight weeks These are right for you if you're looking to gain experience that could lead to a graduate job Start date Summer 2027 Location Across the UK What is a PwC summer internship If you think that PwC might be the key to your future, there’s no better way to decide than on one of our Summer Internships. It's your chance to learn about our firm, get a taste for the business world and build your network. On top of all that, you get paid a good pro-rata salary. And, if all goes well, you could end the Summer Internship with an offer for a full-time job when you graduate. Working alongside specialists in your chosen business area, you'll be a valued member of the team, with real responsibility, playing a valuable part on live client projects. Whichever business area you choose, it’s a hugely worthwhile investment in your future. Be it the clients; the people; the networks; or the social events, you’ll be surprised at the skills you develop and amount you learn. Each internship lasts between four to eight weeks. And there are so many different opportunities, roles, teams and locations to choose from. PwC offers over 400 paid Summer Internships in a variety of business areas across the UK. Induction, training and development Starting your internship Your internship will start with one of our induction events. This will give you an overview of PwC, the chance to meet people from across our business and time to network with the other interns During your first week, you’ll receive on-the-job training that prepares you to work on client projects. Then the real experience begins. Working in our teams and alongside your expert colleagues is the best way to understand what we do and what really matters to our clients, the economy and the wider community. During your internship There will also be opportunities to get involved in interesting projects outside of your daily work, such as community volunteering. And, all the while, you'll be building networks with your colleagues and peer group. Our internships vary in length from four to eight weeks. Obviously, any time you get to spend with colleagues is a valuable learning experience, so the majority of your time will be spent in our offices or on a client site. However, you’ll also be able to take advantage of our hybrid working policies to give you a full and accurate picture of how life at PwC feels. Professional development and future opportunities At PwC, we support our people to grow further. And few career opportunities are a better first step than our Summer Internship. You’ll build your commercial awareness, skills and confidence. You could also lay the foundations for an exciting career path. If your time with us goes well, you could return to university with a graduate job offer*. *All offers are subject to performance, availability and eligibility. Eligibility and degree requirements To apply for one our Summer Internships, you’ll need to be in the penultimate year of a degree, or in your final year of study with a one-year postgraduate degree place confirmed. Most opportunities are open to all undergraduates, no matter the degree discipline or subject you are studying. However, please check the individual eligibility requirements for your chosen internship before you apply. Summer internship opportunities When you apply, we’ll also ask for your location preference. Please only apply to offices that are a commutable distance for you, as travel and hotel costs cannot be expensed. If you successfully complete the recruitment process, we’ll then let you know which office you’ll be based in during the programme. Please be aware that we may not be able to offer you your first-choice office location. Take a look at all of our business categories to find our more information about the different areas you could experience during our internships. Please note that programme availability within each of our business categories differs each year, so we may not currently have opportunities within all areas. Audit, Accounting, Tax and Finance Advisory and Consulting Strategy Technology and AI We help clients to manage their finances and interpret the critical data needed to measure performance today and plan for tomorrow. So our people grow to understand the financial foundations behind the business world, across every industry. Apply for these programmes if: You are comfortable and enjoy working with numbers and technology. You build strong relationships and thrive in a team. You are curious to learn the financial management behind every type of organisation. Applications are currently closed for this category. Actuarial Services On our Actuarial Services programme, you’ll learn how to analyse and manage financial risks for clients through statistical modelling and data analysis. Actuaries provide valuable insights and recommendations to help businesses make informed decisions and mitigate potential risks. So, you’ll turn complex data into clear findings, presenting it to clients in simple, easy‑to‑understand language. Audit and Assurance On our Audit and Assurance programmes, you’ll get a backstage pass to some of the most interesting and dynamic organisations in the world. Audit at PwC is fast-moving, stimulating and full of opportunity, few careers offer such accelerated responsibility and client exposure. When an organisation makes financial, sustainability and performance statements, we are trusted by its board, its shareholders and stakeholders, government regulators and, crucially, the markets, to ensure that the data is fair and accurate. Risk and Compliance If you’re curious about how a complex business keeps moving safely, confidently and at pace, our risk and compliance teams are a great place to start your career. You’ll get close to the real decisions that shape how our clients operate, helping them to understand where risks could arise, how controls protect, and what good governance looks like in practice. You’ll also learn how to navigate complex regulatory environments, translating requirements into practical action that supports and protects the business. It’s work that combines problem-solving, judgement and collaboration, with plenty of opportunity to learn how different parts of organisations fit together. From supporting control design and assurance activity to helping manage issues, strengthen processes and prepare for operational disruption, you’ll be involved in work that really matters. These roles are about more than checking boxes: they are about asking the right questions, spotting emerging risks, making processes better and giving our clients confidence that their business is resilient, well controlled and focused on good outcomes. If you enjoy variety, challenge and want to make a visible impact, this is an exciting area to build broad business knowledge and develop skills that will stay with you throughout your career. Tax Services In Tax Services, you’ll help businesses navigate complex tax regulations and optimise their tax positions, providing guidance on tax planning, compliance and strategy. The tax landscape is constantly changing and the future of the tax professional lies in data, where you will get the opportunity to work with the latest technology, including AI, to support our clients across a broad range of tax matters. Your analysis and insight will help high-profile organisations, entrepreneurs and family businesses to understand complex rules and make informed decisions on personal and corporate tax issues. We use our deep understanding of business, markets, and emerging technology to enable clients to make informed decisions, navigate complex deals, embrace change and improve performance. So our people develop the skills to transform all kinds of organisations. Apply for these programmes if: You are endlessly curious. You solve problems in a creative way. You enjoy using data and insight to tell compelling stories. Applications are currently closed for this category. Deals In Deals, you’ll provide strategic advice and support to clients in areas such as mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, and restructuring. We help clients maximise the value they gain from their most complex and significant transactions. Management Consulting In Management Consulting, we use our understanding of how business works and how technology can create competitive advantage to help clients deliver profitable growth. That might mean helping businesses understand, and create better experiences for, their customers and employees. It might mean optimising financial management, driving operational efficiency, advising on workforce effectiveness or bringing together a range of interrelated projects to deliver broad strategic outcomes. Sustainability In Sustainability, you’ll provide guidance and support to organisations facing the greatest challenge of our age. Our Sustainability teams integrate environmental, social, economic, and governance considerations into business strategies and operations, managing sustainability risks, ensuring accurate reporting and identifying opportunities to drive positive social and environmental impact. In order to be eligible to apply for our roles in sustainability you will have need to have studied sustainability at university; either evidenced through related modules or a sustainability degree. Technology Consulting In Technology Consulting, you’ll use your deep understanding of the world of technology to help clients to select, implement and support the business application software they use to run their business, do their work and communicate with each other. Often as part of a broader business transformation, or perhaps in the context of a Mergers and Acquisitions transaction or restructuring event. Assessing legacy systems and analysing client needs, you’ll seamlessly integrate software solutions that help organisations meet their strategic goals, while providing the training and support their people need to get more out of innovative new tools and applications. Workforce Consulting In Workforce Consulting, you'll help leading UK and international employers maximise and future-proof their biggest asset - their people. Providing big picture advice on human resources, learning and development, talent management, and organisational development, you might be defining people strategies, advising on workforce effectiveness, guiding senior executives on global personal tax obligations, implementing cutting-edge HR technology, or helping clients navigate complex people & culture issues on an M&A deal. Or you could be working with clients to unlock their people potential by fostering a culture of continuous learning and professional growth. You'll work across various sectors, learning about employment tax risk, cost reduction, and employer social responsibility. Providing strategic guidance and deep insight, we help organisations to see the big picture, solve their most important challenges, and seize on opportunities. So, you’ll place yourself at the boardroom table, where the biggest decisions are made. Apply for these programmes if: You are intellectually curious and analytical. You are entrepreneurial and like to challenge conventional thinking. You make an impact by having the presence and confidence to influence others. Applications are currently closed for this category. Strategy Consulting In Strategy Consulting, you’ll work in project teams on a wide range of strategic questions, moving between industries, clients and challenges. You could be researching a new market, evaluating policy options, testing an investment case, analysing competitors, considering the right strategic operating model or helping turn complex findings into clear recommendations for senior decision markets. Economics Consulting Our Economics Consulting specialists help businesses, investors and public bodies solve complex challenges. Combining economics, strategy and deep sector expertise, we help clients make better decisions in a rapidly changing policy and regulatory environment. The team combines strategic thinking with economic analysis and deep sector expertise.. Please note that to work in Economics Consulting, 50% of your degree modules need to be Economics based. With a human-led, tech-powered approach, we help organisations to take advantage of the latest technologies and deliver change, at pace. So our people build technical knowledge and commercial understanding on how technology is revolutionising the way business works. Apply for these programmes if: You love solving complex problems. You are always looking for ways to improve things. You want to work at the cutting edge of tech. You have an agile mind and like constantly learning. Applications are currently closed for this category. Cyber Security In Cyber Security, you’ll protect organisations from fast-moving and ever-present cyber threats through advanced technologies and strategies. Identifying vulnerabilities, developing secure systems, and providing proactive solutions, you’ll help our clients to safeguard sensitive data, protect customers, and maintain critical operations in times of attack. Engineering, Data Science and Analytics In Engineering, Data Science and Analytics, you’ll help clients analyse and leverage the data they collect more effectively. The business world creates and gathers more data every day and relies on that data to feed and build AI applications, so managing this vital resource is more important than ever before. Graduates in this area use advanced technologies and techniques to design and develop solutions that help our clients organise, integrate, quality control and mine data. As well as utilising this data, along with leveraging external data sources, to generate game changing market, financial and operational insights to give our clients an advantage (for example in the context of a business acquisition or disposal, new market entry or carve out process). Your cutting-edge work will play a crucial role in transforming raw data into actionable insights, enabling informed decision-making and driving business growth. Please note that for certain roles in this business area you may need to be studying a STEM degree subject. Financial Crime and Forensics At PwC, our people in forensic services focus on identifying and preventing fraudulent activities, conducting investigations, and maintaining compliance with regulatory requirements. Individuals in this field play a crucial role in safeguarding organisations against financial crimes and maintaining ethical business practices. In fraud, investigations and regulatory enforcement at PwC, you will focus on identifying and preventing fraudulent activities, conducting investigations, and confirming compliance with regulatory requirements. You will play a crucial role in safeguarding organisations against financial crimes and maintaining ethical business practices. What is the assessment and selection process for the Summer Internship? Apply online The first thing you'll need to do is complete your application carefully, following all the instructions. Online assessment A series of online assessments that measure your cognitive skills, behaviours, natural preferences and reasoning abilities. Video interview The next stage of our assessment process is an on-demand video interview, the questions will focus on how you typically approach your work, for example at school, university or in any prior work experience you may have. Assessment centre The last stage of our summer internship recruitment process is a virtual immersive assessment centre. Graduate conversion assessment During your summer internship you'll be assessed through your performance and feedback received, if you demonstrate the skills we are looking for you could be offered a graduate job in the business area you completed your placement in. Learn more about our assessment and selection process Assessment and selection process Employability Hub Interested in a summer internship? Sign up to our Talent Community to hear when roles are open Sign up Frequently asked questions Who is eligible to apply for a PwC Summer Internship? You’ll need to be in the penultimate year of your undergraduate degree, or in your final year with a confirmed postgraduate place. What degree subjects are accepted for Summer Internships? Most Summer Internship opportunities are open to students from all degree disciplines. Some roles may have specific requirements, so always check the individual programme details. How long do PwC Summer Internships last? Internships typically last between four and eight weeks, depending on the role and business area. Where are internships based? Internships are available across the UK, depending on the role and business category you apply to. Please only apply to offices that are a commutable distance for you, as travel and hotel costs cannot be expensed. Do Summer Internships at PwC lead to graduate job offers? If your performance meets expectations and roles are available, a Summer Internship can lead to a graduate job offer, subject to eligibility and business needs. Follow PwC UK Careers Working at PwC Inclusion Reward and benefits Discover our UK offices Our