Actuarial Consulting Services And Solutions | Oliver Wyman Skip to main content We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand Learn More search Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search Highlights Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search search Highlights menu close Actuarial Consulting // . // Capabilities // Actuarial Consulting What We Do What We Think Breakthroughs Solutions Who We Are What We Do Our team combines strategic thinking with deep actuarial expertise. We are trusted, independent advisors that help C-suite executives evolve their finance and actuarial functions to support faster, forward-looking, and high-quality decision-making. Our Actuarial Consulting Practice advises a majority of global insurers and assesses risk across three primary areas: life, property and casualty (P&C), and healthcare markets. As one of the largest global employers of actuaries, our team comprises of more than 600 professionals, including 300 credentialed actuaries in 41 locations across North America, Europe, Oceania, and Asia. Our largest presence is in the United States, with additional offices in the Americas: Canada, Cayman Islands, Mexico; North Atlantic region: Bermuda; Europe: Austria, France, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom; and Asia-Pacific: Australia, Hong Kong (Special of Administration Region of China), India, Japan, and Singapore. Working closely with our insurance and asset management consulting team, we provide best-of-breed expertise and support to insurance leaders on driving strategy, operations, integrated modeling, and capital efficiency, as well as implementing large-scale business and technology modernization. Through the power of Marsh companies, our clients have access to experts on risk, strategy, and people, from across our four market-leading businesses: Marsh, Mercer, Guy Carpenter, and Oliver Wyman. Our expertise Life Insurance And Annuities Grow your business faster and accelerate executive decision making. We provide strategy and modeling services to transform and modernize your actuarial capabilities and finance functions. This includes M&A advisory, financial planning and analysis (FP&A), strategic forecasting, capital efficiency, integrated financial modeling and valuation, and offshore reinsurance support. Property And Casualty (P&C) Insurance Drive actuarial and insurance innovation. We offer independent actuarial support to a broad range of self-insured clients and insurance carriers, including pricing, loss reserving analysis, capital modeling, captives strategy, M&A, underwriting, claims management, cost trends, ratemaking, loyalty programs, liability mitigation, regulatory, rate filings, corporate risk management and quantification. Health Insurance Stay ahead of industry trends and regulations. We help healthcare and regulatory leaders measure and protect against financial risk while identifying strategic and operational opportunities. Our services include benchmarking, predictive analytics, regulatory analysis, health plan and pharmacy consulting, hospital support, and Medicare Advantage products and rates. Insurance And Asset Management Strategy Reinvent insurance with strategic thinking. We work with executives to reignite growth and drive strategy, operations, and large-scale business and technology modernization. This includes customer innovation, cost transformation, digital modernization, asset management, private capital, M&A, restructuring, risk management, generative AI, value creation, post-merger integration. What We Think Load More We are sorry, we could not find any results. Please refine your search and try again. Who We Are Global Leaders Michael Moloney Partner, Global Head of Insurance and Asset Management and Managing Partner, Actuarial David Weinsier Partner, Global Life and Health Leader Dan Gibson Partner, Global Property and Casualty Leader Katie Cantor Partner, Life and Annuities Leader, North America and Asia Mario Hoerig Partner, Actuarial Leader, Europe Colin Forrest Partner, Life and Annuities and Property and Casualty Leader, UK Matthew Facey Partner, Property and Casualty Leader, UK and Europe Julie Wang Partner, Health Practice Leader Jeff Trichon Partner, Chief Financial Officer, Actuarial Richard Yee Partner, Property and Casualty Leader, Asia Pacific Steven Abel Partner, Deputy Global Head of AI Transformation and Modernization Susan Patschak Partner, Global Property and Casualty Insurance Leader Marco Warmelink Partner, Life and Annuities Leader, Asia Pacific Footer XF Risk and insurance Reinsurance and capital People and investments Management consulting We're a global professional service firm bringing together capabilities across risk, reinsurance and capital, people and investments, and management consulting — building the confidence to thrive through the power of perspective. Terms Of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Statement On Accessibility Manage Cookies © 2026 Oliver Wyman, LLC. All Rights Reserved.