Business And Leadership Insights | Oliver Wyman Skip to main content We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand Learn More search Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search Highlights Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search search Highlights menu close Insights Perspectives on issues that are reshaping businesses, economies, and societies Financial Services' Future In The AI Age — Known Unknown Debates How AI, stablecoins, regulation, and geopolitics are reshaping the future of financial services — and the key questions that will define what comes next. Learn More Latest From Oliver Wyman All Automotive Education Energy and Natural Resources Financial Services Government and Public Institutions Health and Life Sciences Industrial Goods Private Equity Retail and Consumer Goods Telecoms, Media, And Technology Transportation and Services All Actuarial Advanced Analytics Climate and Sustainability Customer Innovation and Growth Digital Finance and Risk Finance, Risk, and Restructuring Mergers and Acquisitions Oliver Wyman Engineers Operations Payments People and Organizational Performance Performance Transformation Pricing, Sales, and Marketing Strategy Turnaround and Restructuring Previous ... ... Next Load More We are sorry, we could not find any results. Please refine your search and try again. Previous ... ... Next Load More Footer XF Risk and insurance Reinsurance and capital People and investments Management consulting We're a global professional service firm bringing together capabilities across risk, reinsurance and capital, people and investments, and management consulting — building the confidence to thrive through the power of perspective. Terms Of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Statement On Accessibility Manage Cookies © 2026 Oliver Wyman, LLC. All Rights Reserved.