Audit | PwC UK Careers Skip to content Skip to footer Early careers Experienced careers Flexible or contractor careers Working at PwC Our people, their stories. More Search Menu Early careers Early careers Applying and FAQs Employability hub Entry level Graduate Our events Our job search Training and development Undergraduate Menu Early careers Applying and FAQs Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessment and selection process Do you need immigration authorisation to work in the UK? FAQs The behaviours we look for Menu Early careers Employability hub Menu Early careers Entry level Entry level programmes Flying Start degree programmes New World. New Skills. Virtual Insight Programme Menu Early careers Graduate Advisory and Consulting Audit, Accounting, Tax and Finance Legal Services Strategy Technology and AI Menu Early careers Our events Virtual Classroom Menu Early careers Our job search Menu Early careers Training and development Menu Early careers Undergraduate Diversity Programmes Legal Summer Vacation Scheme Summer Internship Undergraduate Work Placement Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Experienced careers Experienced careers Application support Careers toolkit Partner recruitment Search all jobs Menu Experienced careers Application support Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessments - what to expect Our application experience PwC sponsorship and working permits Recruitment agencies The behaviours we look for Menu Experienced careers Careers toolkit Menu Experienced careers Partner recruitment Menu Experienced careers Search all jobs Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Flexible careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible careers Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Working at PwC Working at PwC Career development Discover our UK offices Inclusion Our business areas Our people. Their stories Reward and benefits Wellbeing at PwC Menu Working at PwC Career development Menu Working at PwC Discover our UK offices Menu Working at PwC Inclusion Menu Working at PwC Our business areas Actuarial Audit Business Solutions Consulting Deals Legal Operate Tax Technology Menu Working at PwC Our people. Their stories Menu Working at PwC Reward and benefits Menu Working at PwC Wellbeing at PwC Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Our people, their stories. Our people, their stories. Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Loading Results No Match Found View All Results Access all areas. Careers in Audit In Audit at PwC, you get a backstage pass to the most significant, most dynamic, most interesting organisations in the world. To do our work, we need to understand how a business functions. How it makes money, manages cost and plans to grow. So our people get an incredible grounding in all kinds of businesses, industries and sectors. The unparalleled exposure and in-depth insight offered by PwC is an opportunity to fully explore your own skills and potential. Quality runs through everything we do. Our Transparency Report is critical to help enable trust and confidence. It's our opportunity to explain to you how our firm and audit practice are governed, our commitment to consistent high quality, and how this is underpinned by our culture and powered by technology. Transparency Report 2025 In Audit, it’s our job to challenge the facts behind the UK's most significant organisations. When a business makes financial and regulatory statements, as well as reporting on sustainability, ethical practices, and corporate governance, we are trusted by its board, shareholders, stakeholders and, crucially, the markets, to ensure that those statements are fair and accurate. Without trust, the business world stops functioning. Investors won’t invest, loans can’t be authorised, customers stop buying, money can’t flow and quickly the system is frozen with uncertainty. So, working in Audit at PwC comes with an incredible sense of purpose. Human-led, tech-powered. Technology impacts every aspect of our work. And, as the pace of change accelerates, we aim to lead the Audit profession by adopting smarter tech to help clients understand their businesses and giving us more opportunity to add value, delivering impact with confidence. Since 2018 we have been using drones to transform the way we audit inventory — increasing the certainty and improving the quality of audits. "As part of our commitment to building trust and delivering sustained outcomes, the PwC Network continues to invest in a multi-year programme building new global tools to power our next generation audit. We will continue to invest in our people, culture, skills and technologies to deliver our vision for the audit of the future that is human-led, tech-powered, and constantly focussed on striving for the highest levels of quality." Andy Hammond UK Head of Audit Our people Our people have the curiosity to learn about all kinds of organisations, and the determination to identify the facts that really matter. They have the communication skills, empathy and emotional intelligence to work closely with all levels of people across a client organisation. To question, challenge and build relationships with them, all at the same time. Our people have the courage and unwavering integrity to take pride in our purpose and stand up for what’s right. As well as the resilience to overcome hurdles and meet tight deadlines. The breadth of our skills and abilities enables us to deliver unexpected insights and solve complex challenges. The success of our global strategy hinges upon our ability to bring together diverse talent, skillsets and perspectives, so that we can continue to build trust and deliver sustained outcomes for our clients. 6,176 The number of UK people in Audit. 94% of our people understand how the work they do day-to-day, supports the purpose of audit and assurance. Source: Our audit and culture behaviours survey. Are you ready to join PwC Audit? Explore early career opportunities Explore experienced opportunities Explore our other business areas Business areas Join our Talent Community Sign up Follow PwC UK Careers Working at PwC Inclusion Reward and benefits Discover our UK offices Our People. Their Stories. Talent Community Alumni Our Business Actuarial Audit Consulting Deals Business Solutions Legal Operate Risk Tax Technology Early Careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Event search Job search Employability hub Training and development Applying and FAQs Experienced Careers Our job search Careers toolkit Applying Partner Recruitment Flexible and contractor Our job search Flexible careers Contractor careers Join our Talent Community Your account © 2020 - 2026 PwC. All rights reserved. PwC refers to the PwC network and/or one or more of its member firms, each of which is a separate legal entity. Please see www.pwc.com/structure for further details. Privacy Statement Cookies info Legal Disclaimer About Site Provider Provision of Services Diversity Web Accessibility