Pensions Governance & Investment Consulting: Summer Internship Programme Skip to main content Flexible working Career development Latest technology Pensions Governance & Investment Consulting: Summer Internship Programme Salary £24,500 - £27,000 (Depending on location) Location Birmingham, Edinburgh, Glasgow, London Mergefield Title {Mergefield Value} Mergefield Title {Mergefield Value} This is a Temporary , Full Time vacancy that will close in {x} days at {xx:xx} BST . The Vacancy At Hymans Robertson we play a vital role in helping clients improve their investment strategies to deliver better outcomes for their pension scheme members. Whether working with Defined Benefit or Defined Contribution schemes, our consultants provide strategic advice and governance support to a wide range of clients - from corporate pension plans to public sector schemes. We are excited to welcome applications for our Pensions Governance and Investment Consulting internship programme, which is a perfect next step for those looking to launch their careers within this field! What does our internship programme look like? Taking place for eight weeks over July and August, our internship programme will give you the chance to gain experience, build your confidence and grow your professional network. Depending on your skills and interests, you will be aligned to either our Investment DB or Defined Contribution Consulting team. Whichever direction you follow, you will be supported by experienced and friendly colleagues to explore what a graduate role would be like within your area. Though these career pathways are complimentary, they offer distinct opportunities to specialise and build your knowledge. In both cases you’ll collaborate with experienced consultants and analysts to contribute to meaningful client projects, as you learn the core principles that drive our industry forward. You will also be given an individual project to work on, aligned to your business unit, that you’ll present your findings from to a few team members towards the end of your internship. One of the best features of our internship programme is that those who do well throughout it can be offered a ring-fenced space on our graduate programme for the following year. So this is a great opportunity for you not just to gain a better understanding of graduate careers in this field with us, but also for you to secure a graduate job for once you have completed your degree! If you enjoy the following, we think you’ll love this opportunity: Building relationships and communicating with people Working with large sets of detailed data and other forms of information Solving complex problems A fun and fast-paced working environment, where you are encouraged to collaborate with your colleagues Being adaptable and flexible in your approach to tasks Our internship programme is only open to penultimate year university students. You don’t need to be joining us from a purely maths, economics or actuarial science based subject to excel in this role as we recognise that any University degree will give you an amazing set of transferable skills that are valuable in any workplace. However, we do require you to have the ability to work well with numbers. In addition to a competitive salary we offer: A flexible selection of employee benefits, so you can choose a package that best matches your lifestyle and needs A collaborative and supportive work environment where your thinking and ideas are encouraged On site mental health and wellbeing support A commitment to helping you develop both personally and professionally, with mentoring opportunities and access to our award-winning learning portal, Aspire Regular social activities Earlier this year were proud to be rated seventeenth in the HigherIn Award category for Best Student Employers! Take a look through some of our reviews to find out more about what our previous students enjoyed about their time with us! You can find out more about why we think Hymans is a great place to work and the business units aligned to this programme by visiting our Early Careers site ! We have opportunities across each of our four UK based offices – in Edinburgh, Glasgow, London and Birmingham. And we offer hybrid working so you can enjoy the positive wellbeing of working from home as well as the benefits of meeting colleagues in our sociable, modern office environments. We recruit on a rolling basis, so we'd encourage you to submit your application as early as possible to avoid disappointment. We are committed to being open and transparent in our recruitment and reward processes. Please note that this vacancy does not currently meet the minimum salary threshold requirements for Skilled Worker sponsorship within the UK. To avoid any disappointment, if you require sponsorship we would encourage you to check whether you may be eligible for a discounted salary threshold, or to explore alternative routes to secure your right to work in the UK before submitting your application. If you meet the criteria outlined in the job description we’ll be happy to discuss your individual circumstances further with you. About Us Together, we’ve been building better futures for over 100 years. For our people, our clients and their people, our communities and the environment. We thrive on tackling complex problems. And we believe those problems are best solved by diverse teams – diverse in skills, approaches and backgrounds. Our independence lets our people be themselves and think freely, while working in a collaborative, supportive environment. We love innovative, independent thinking and want everyone to share their ideas. Working alongside employers, trustees and financial services institutions, we offer pensions, investments, benefits and risk consulting services, as well as data and technology solutions. With over 1000 employees and counting, we’re one of the leading consultancies in our field and are proud to be recognised by numerous industry awards. We’re committed to developing our people and encourage everyone to carve out their own career path. We’ve many colleagues who started out in one team in the business and have ended up somewhere completely different, having had the chance to develop new skills and explore new passions. We are continually working to improve our inclusive culture and employ diverse talent. We therefore welcome applications from people from all backgrounds, which includes but isn’t limited to: age, disability, ethnic heritage, gender, marital or civil partnership status, neurodiversity, religion, sexual orientation, and socio-economic background. Our hybrid working model offers the best of both worlds – home working as well as a fun, collaborative office environment - meaning flexible working patterns to accommodate individual needs. Find out more about our careers here . If you need any assistance in relation to a personal requirement, medical condition or neurological difference during our selection process then please let us know. Together, we can make this the best job you’ll ever have. We Offer Our culture We live and breathe our four values – friendly, confident, partnering and straightforward – and genuinely care about out people, clients, community and the environment. Job satisfaction Every employee can genuinely make a difference and contribute towards achieving our purpose – together, building better futures. Whether that’s helping our clients build more secure financial futures, using your 3 days volunteering or helping us reduce our carbon footprint. Reward and wellbeing We offer competitive salaries, a share of company profits and an award-winning benefits package. We also take your mental, physical, social and financial wellbeing seriously, both in and outside of work. Flexible working We trust our people to work in a pattern that suits their circumstances with a healthy balance of home and office working. Latest technology We use the most up-to-date technology and software to match our ground-breaking business solutions that make life easier for us and our clients. Career development There is no linear path – learning opportunities are plentiful and empower you to carve out your own career. Sorry - this vacancy is no longer available. Your email address (required) Apply Now Alternatively, please sign in with... Google LinkedIn Published Not Published Closing in X days {Expiry} Share This Vacancy Share Vacancy × Click on any of the buttons below to share this page! Share On Whatsapp Share On Linkedin Share On Facebook Share on X Copy Link Close Apply Now Social Media Icon Social Media Icon Social Media Icon Social Media Icon Social Media Icon Copyright 2000 Modal title × Modal title × Already Applied × You have already applied for this vacancy, please go to your account to see your progress. Privacy Policy × Return To Application Data Protection and Privacy Policy Hymans Robertson LLP is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Under data protection laws, we are the data controller in relation to personal information we collect about you for the purposes of recruitment with us. This means we are responsible for deciding what information to collect about you and how it is used. Our contact details are set out under Contacting Us . This notice explains what personal information we collect about you, how and why we use it, who we disclose it to, and how we protect it. As defined by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Hymans Robertson LLP is the Data Controller and ultimately responsible for ensuring the data you provide is kept secure, processed correctly and that you understand your legal rights in relation to the data you provide. The recruitment software we use via this website is supplied by IRIS Software Group Limited and they are defined as a Data Processor under the GDPR. They will only process your data in accordance with our instructions. IRIS can be contacted at: 4th Floor Heathrow Approach, 470 London Road, Slough, England, SL3 8QY For Data Protection enquiries, please contact the Help Desk at support@networxrecruitment.com What is personal information? Personal information broadly means information about a living individual who can be identified from that information directly, or indirectly (for example if it is combined with other available information). What personal information do we collect? We will collect the following information about you in connection with your interest in or application for employment, membership or engagement with the firm: · Name, gender, home address and telephone number, date of birth · Residency, nationality and work permit status, passport information · Information relating to your application to the firm, such as interview notes and test results · Information contained within your CV · Equal opportunities and diversity information including information about disabilities, ethnic origin, religion and sexual orientation · Information about criminal convictions, and · Information we collect to comply with our statutory requirements such as ID for anti-money laundering checks, or to comply with the requests and directions of regulatory bodies and law enforcement bodies or court orders. We will always try to keep the amount of personal information we collect to the minimum needed. Using your personal information We use your personal information for the following purposes: · In connection with your application to the firm. We hold your personal information because we need it to process your application for the role you have applied for, as well as be able to report and monitor the progress of candidates through each stage of recruitment. We may ask you to undertake a form of profiling called psychometric testing as part of your application or supply your academic achievements to help assess the context within which you achieved your grades, and we will provide more information about this if it applies to you. We use some automated screening tools as part of the application process. For some larger scale campaigns, the answers you provide to one or more of the questions ( excluding any special categories/equal opportunities questions) may result in your application being automatically declined. This technology is used to help us manage the high volume of applications we receive, and we have implemented safeguards to help ensure that the same outcome would be reached if we manually reviewed your application. However, you have the right to have any automated decision manually reviewed. Please see Your rights . · To advertise future roles. If you opt into our job alerts service, we will send you targeted email communications containing job alerts. Links in the emails may redirect you to our websites including www.hymans.co.uk and https://hymans.current-vacancies.com/Careers/Hymans%20external%20VSP-2054 . We will continue to send you emails for as long as you are subscribed. You can opt out at any time by clicking the link in the email we send you and following the unsubscribe process. You will not receive any further emails once unsubscribed. · In connection with our management responsibilities. Our management responsibilities are those necessary for the effective functioning of the business and to support our decision-making process in relation to our recruitment activities. · In connection with our statutory, professional, regulatory and compliance responsibilities. We will process your personal information to meet our obligations under equal opportunity and other employment legislation and applicable professional and regulatory rules and guidance What is the lawful basis for processing? For our job alerts service, we will rely on your opt-in consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time by unsubscribing from the service as described under Using your personal information . Otherwise, in general, we do not require your consent to process your personal information because we need it for one or more of the following reasons: · for our legitimate interests, which are to consider your application to the firm and meet and manage our responsibilities described under Using your personal information , or · to enter into an employment contract with you, or · to comply with the law or applicable professional or regulatory rules and guidance. However, you do have the right to object to how we process your personal information or ask us to restrict processing. Some of the information we collect is known as “sensitive personal data” or “special category data” where the rules about how we process it are stricter. We will only collect and use this information with your explicit consent (for example if you provide voluntary diversity information) or if we are permitted to do so by law (for example under exemptions contained in the data protection laws). You are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us or by changing the settings on your online recruitment account. Please see Your rights for more details Sharing your personal information with others Sometimes we need to share your personal information with others. We’ll only do this where necessary, and we’ll take steps to ensure they keep the information secure and confidential and use it only for the agreed purposes. We may share your personal information with the following: · Our service providers, for example, psychometric test providers, website, recruitment system and IT support providers and criminal background check providers. · Advertising companies, to enable us to market our roles to those already in our database, as well as monitoring your interaction with the information we send out. Some of these will involve you signing up directly with the service provider and authorising use of your personal information. In this case, the service provider may be a separate data controller for some or all of the processing they carry out, for example when carrying out criminal background checks. In this case, please check the service provider’s privacy policy so that you understand how they will handle your personal information, what information they will share with us in relation to your application and your rights. Our service providers may be located (or process your information) outside the United Kingdom, where data protection laws are different. However we will ensure that adequate safeguards are in place to make sure your personal information is protected How we protect your personal information We will ensure an appropriate level of security to protect your personal information, including protection against unauthorised disclosure or unlawful processing and against accidental or intentional loss, destruction or damage. We regularly review all our systems, policies and technologies to ensure that these continue to work effectively to protect your personal information. How long we keep your personal information Your candidate account will be deactivated after 36 months of inactivity. You can deactivate your account at any time. At the same time as this, your data will be fully anonymised. We may, in certain circumstances, need to hold your personal information for longer, for example in relation to a legal dispute or because of regulatory requirements. Your rights You have a number of rights under data protection laws. These are: · To request access to your personal information · To request that your personal information is corrected if it is out of date, inaccurate or incomplete · To request a manual review of an automated decision about your application · To request that your personal information is deleted or removed from our records or systems · to make a complaint to the data controller about how your personal information has been handled · To make a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office You also have the right: · To withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal information (where we need your consent to process your personal information) · To object or to restrict the processing of your personal information (where we don’t need your consent to process your personal information) · To obtain an electronic file of your personal information or have it transferred to another data controller in limited circumstances How do I exercise my rights? If you would like to make a request to access or correct your personal information, or to exercise any of your other rights, you can contact us at any time using the details set out in the Contacting Us section. We will respond to any requests received from you within one month from the day we receive your request. Where it is not possible to meet your request within one month, we will still respond to you within that time to let you know. Please note that some of your rights are restricted, and will apply only in certain circumstances. For example, we may refuse to delete your personal information whilst we need it for a valid purpose, including to defend any potential legal claims. We will set out in our response our reasons if we are unable to meet your request. How do I make a complaint about how my personal information has been handled? To make a complaint, please contact us by any of the means set out in the Contacting Us section. You don’t have to submit your complaint in any particular format, but please let us know as much information as you can so that we can deal with it promptly. We will: · Acknowledge your complaint within 30 days · Take reasonable steps to investigate your complaint · Respond to your complaint without undue delay · Keep you informed of progress To find out how to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office, see Contacting the Information Commissioner’s Office . Contacting us If you have any queries about how we use your personal information, please contact the recruitment team in the first instance by email at chat.to.us@hymans.co.uk You can also contact the Data Protection Officer by post, email or phone as fol