Skip to main contentWe use strictly necessary cookies to collect data while you use this website. The cookies we gather allow our site to operate. To learn more about how we use cookie data, visit our Cookie Notice.Please Note: Strictly Necessary Cookies are required for our site to perform its basic functions. These are always active and are not disabled even if you select 'Decline’.Read Full Privacy MessageDeclineAccept CookiesEnglishSign InCareersBanking, Investment Banking, Summer Analyst, London – United Kingdom 2027 page is loadedBanking, Investment Banking, Summer Analyst, London – United Kingdom 2027ApplylocationsLondon United Kingdomtime typeFull timeposted onPosted 14 Days Agotime left to applyEnd Date: November 6, 2026 (30+ days left to apply)job requisition id26992197You're the brains behind our work: You’re ready to bring your knowledge from the classroom to the boardroom and Citi wants to help you get there. Whether it’s honing your skills or building your network, we know that success can’t come without growth. Our programs equip you with the knowledge and training you need to play a valuable role on your team and establish a long-term career here. At Citi, we value internal mobility and career growth is not a question of if, but when.Citi is looking for summer analysts to join the Investment Banking team in London. The Investment Banking group advises corporate clients who want to raise funds in capital markets and who need strategic support in financial transactions. Initiatives you may be working on with clients include mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, financial restructurings, underwriting and distributing equity, debt and derivative securities. If none of these terms make sense right now, that’s ok! Our internship is designed to help you increase your knowledge, so whatever your degree is in we will give you the training and support you need to excel.We provide you with the knowledge and skills you need to succeed:We’re committed to teaching you the ropes. The 10-week summer analyst program starts in June and begins with a one week training program in London. After which you’ll be assigned to an industry or product coverage group, where you’ll focus on financial analysis and business development. Successful summer analysts will be considered for a full-time position after graduation.Your time here will look something like this:Collect and analyze company information to assist transactions, including conducting industry research, revising and organizing financial data.Analyze financial data and develop financial models including company valuations, discounted cash flow analysis, financing and comparative analyses.Create and finalize new business development presentations.Coordinate tasks with internal and external working teams.Prepare required internal documentation e.g. control and compliance regulations.We want to hear from you if:You are in your penultimate/final year of university.Expected to achieve or have achieved a 2:1 (or equivalent) at undergraduate level in any degree discipline.You have an interest in business.You are fluent in a 2nd language (this is desirable but not essential)Who we think will be a great fit:We’re looking for motivated individuals, who are eager to grow their careers in Investment Banking. Successful candidates take pride in all aspects of their work and recognize that it is a reflection not just of the firm, but of themselves. We value diversity and so do you.We’ll also be looking for:Commitment to personal growth and career development, a strong desire to learn, and success in team environments.Intellectual curiosity and proactive approach to searching for new and creative ideas.Strong communication, planning, and organizational skills.Desire to develop a deep understanding of the financial industry.Unquestioned commitment to integrity ethical decision-making.Interest in business.We will be recruiting on a rolling basis therefore we encourage you to apply as soon as possible. There is no deadline for applications.Successful candidates will be offered a competitive salary. The role will be based at 33 Canada Square Canary Wharf - London, E14 5LB, United Kingdom.The role currently offers a hybrid working model, with a mandatory three days in your assigned office, and an optional two days from home. Citi supports this business model, subject to business approval.------------------------------------------------------Job Family Group: Institutional Banking------------------------------------------------------Job Family:Investment Banking------------------------------------------------------Time Type:Full time------------------------------------------------------Most Relevant Skills Please see the requirements listed above.------------------------------------------------------Other Relevant Skills For complementary skills, please see above and/or contact the recruiter.------------------------------------------------------Citi is an equal opportunity employer, and qualified candidates will receive consideration without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity review Accessibility at Citi.View Citi’s EEO Policy Statement and the Know Your Rights poster.Similar Jobs (3)Banking, Investment Banking – Corporate Broking, Placement Analyst, London – United Kingdom 2027locationsLondon United Kingdomtime typeFull timeposted onPosted 14 Days Agotime left to applyEnd Date: November 27, 2026 (30+ days left to apply)Banking, Financing, Summer Analyst, London - United Kingdom 2027locationsLondon United Kingdomtime typeFull timeposted onPosted 12 Days AgoBanking, Financing, Equity Capital Markets, Placement Analyst, London - United Kingdom 2027locationsLondon United Kingdomtime typeFull timeposted onPosted 10 Days AgoFollow Us© 2026 Workday, Inc. All rights reserved.