Hubs Skip to main content We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand Learn More search Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search Highlights Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search search Highlights menu close Oliver Wyman Presents: Content Hubs Compendiums of Oliver Wyman's latest thinking around timely topics and news events Our Expertise Hubs Share Hub Navigating Tariffs And Evolving Trade Policies Explore cutting-edge insights on tariffs and trade policies and how to adapt your business strategy to thrive in the evolving landscape. Read More Hub Leading In The Age Of Acceleration How companies can innovate, embrace change, and reshape business models to stay on top. Read More Hub Harnessing Risk And Economic Disruption How companies can manage through uncertainty and build resilience for the future. Read More Hub Turning Climate Intent Into Action How companies can convert climate challenges into opportunities with commercially smart transitions to net zero. Read More Hub Climate Change's Influence On Our Health And Global Economy Discover insights on how climate change affects the global economy and human health, along with innovative solutions for resilient healthcare systems. Read More Hub Behind The Breakthrough Key industry players share their personal success stories, innovative strategies, and transformative moments. Read More Oliver Wyman Unlocking The Age Of Golden Indonesia Indonesia has seen a decade of transformative growth and progress. Explore key areas of potential that would propel its future to even greater heights. Read More Hub The New Silk Road The modern Silk Road has evolved from a historic trade route to a dynamic economic network. From energy to digital, explore the six growth areas. Read More Hub Private Equity Perspectives Cross-industry perspectives tailored for private equity executives. Read More Hub The New Monetary Order Explore how financial institutions are adapting to the new monetary order landscape. Delve into our expert insights, strategic responses, and perspectives. Read More Hub The Future Of Aviation Navigating the evolving aviation industry landscape with global fleet and MRO forecasts, workforce trends analyses, and expert industry perspectives. Read More OUR EXPERTISE Industries Automotive Communications, Media, And Technology Education Energy And Natural Resources Financial Services Government And Public Institutions Health And Life Sciences Industrial Products Private Equity And Principal Investors Retail And Consumer Goods Transportation And Services capabilities Actuarial Consulting Climate And Sustainability Customer Innovation And Growth Digital Finance, Risk, And Restructuring Mergers And Acquisitions Oliver Wyman Engineers Operations Payments And Digital Economy People And Organizational Performance Performance Transformation Pricing, Sales, And Marketing Risk Management Strategy Turnaround And Restructuring OUR EXPERTISE Industries Automotive Communications, Media, And Technology Education Energy And Natural Resources Financial Services Government And Public Institutions Health And Life Sciences Industrial Products Private Equity And Principal Investors Retail And Consumer Goods Transportation And Services capabilities Actuarial Consulting Climate And Sustainability Customer Innovation And Growth Digital Finance, Risk, And Restructuring Mergers And Acquisitions Oliver Wyman Engineers Operations Payments And Digital Economy People And Organizational Performance Performance Transformation Pricing, Sales, And Marketing Risk Management Strategy Turnaround And Restructuring Footer XF Risk and insurance Reinsurance and capital People and investments Management consulting We're a global professional service firm bringing together capabilities across risk, reinsurance and capital, people and investments, and management consulting — building the confidence to thrive through the power of perspective. Terms Of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Statement On Accessibility Manage Cookies © 2026 Oliver Wyman, LLC. All Rights Reserved.