Adjustments to the recruitment process | PwC UK Careers Skip to content Skip to footer Early careers Experienced careers Flexible or contractor careers Working at PwC Our people, their stories. More Search Menu Early careers Early careers Applying and FAQs Employability hub Entry level Graduate Our events Our job search Training and development Undergraduate Menu Early careers Applying and FAQs Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessment and selection process Do you need immigration authorisation to work in the UK? FAQs The behaviours we look for Menu Early careers Employability hub Menu Early careers Entry level Entry level programmes Flying Start degree programmes New World. New Skills. Virtual Insight Programme Menu Early careers Graduate Advisory and Consulting Audit, Accounting, Tax and Finance Legal Services Strategy Technology and AI Menu Early careers Our events Virtual Classroom Menu Early careers Our job search Menu Early careers Training and development Menu Early careers Undergraduate Diversity Programmes Legal Summer Vacation Scheme Summer Internship Undergraduate Work Placement Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Experienced careers Experienced careers Application support Careers toolkit Partner recruitment Search all jobs Menu Experienced careers Application support Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessments - what to expect Our application experience PwC sponsorship and working permits Recruitment agencies The behaviours we look for Menu Experienced careers Careers toolkit Menu Experienced careers Partner recruitment Menu Experienced careers Search all jobs Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Flexible careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible careers Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Working at PwC Working at PwC Career development Discover our UK offices Inclusion Our business areas Our people. Their stories Reward and benefits Wellbeing at PwC Menu Working at PwC Career development Menu Working at PwC Discover our UK offices Menu Working at PwC Inclusion Menu Working at PwC Our business areas Actuarial Audit Business Solutions Consulting Deals Legal Operate Tax Technology Menu Working at PwC Our people. Their stories Menu Working at PwC Reward and benefits Menu Working at PwC Wellbeing at PwC Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Our people, their stories. Our people, their stories. Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Loading Results No Match Found View All Results Adjustments to the recruitment process We’re committed to treating everyone fairly and with respect, irrespective of your actual or assumed background, disability or any other protected characteristic. We celebrate talent from all backgrounds. We recognise the talent that disabled and neurodivergent people have, and the huge potential they have to succeed. We’re working to make our workplace inclusive, and we welcome applications from people who identify as disabled, neurodivergent, or who live with other long-term conditions. As a Disability Confident Employer , we’re not only committed to selecting our talent by recognising your strengths and abilities, but we also strive to lead by example to change people's attitudes towards disability. We’ve joined the Valuable 500 at a global level and we are also members of the Business Disability Forum and Neurodiversity in Business . We work with these networks to improve our processes as well as influence the broader conversation in society. Adjustments in recruitment Workplace Support Inclusive communities Adjustments in recruitment If you’re a person with a disability, if you’re neurodivergent, or if you have a condition that you believe may affect your performance during our selection process, we’ll be happy to make reasonable adjustments to our processes for you. You’ll have the opportunity to let us know about any adjustments you may need as you complete your application. We’ll continue this conversation if you join us as an employee, and we’ll work with you to make sure you have the adjustments you need to succeed in your role. Here are some examples of adjustments we have made, to give you an idea of what is possible: Extra time for online assessments. Providing alternative accessible formats. Providing some extra information about what to expect. Hard copy accessible materials e.g. large print. Office orientation before an in-person assessment. For any queries relating to the adjustments process, please contact us via our recruitment queries webpage . Workplace Support We know that people have different needs in recruitment and in the workplace, so when you accept an offer of employment with us we’ll ask you to confirm any adjustments you need for the workplace (including any professional qualifications you may be taking). We’ll discuss your adjustments with you before joining as far as possible and we’ll always fully collaborate with you on any support to be put into place. We also have a central cross-team IT Workplace Adjustments group who can help get you the equipment you need to carry out your role successfully, such as ergonomic hardware or assistive software, and our on-site Tech Lounges offer demos of different products. Some example of adjustments we’ve made for colleagues currently working at PwC are: BSL interpreters. Priority desks in our flexible workspace environment. Providing a different type of phone or laptop. Ergonomic chairs. Adapted keyboards and mice. Speech-to-text and magnification software, such as Dragon, ZoomText and SuperNova. Adjusted responsibilities and workload. Inclusive communities Our fourteen people networks share the aim of providing a sense of community, inspiring and supporting diverse talent and raising awareness of diversity within our firm and creating a genuinely inclusive culture. DAWN, Disability Awareness and Neurodiversity Network, is for everyone, whether you're affected personally, support a colleague or relative, or are interested in learning more. The network includes colleagues who are disabled, neurodivergent and who have long-term health conditions, and they offer different ways to connect with peers and share experiences. We want to use our position as a large employer to challenge perceptions on disability and neurodiversity and to continually improve the workplace experience for disabled and neurodivergent people. We collaborate with colleagues and candidates to do this. You can read about our progress and actions we have taken in our 2023 annual report , including our disability data and pay gap which we have voluntarily published since 2021 . Application support The skills we look for Our application experience Assessments - What to expect Work permit Frequently asked questions Recruitment agencies Join our Talent Community Sign up today From entry level to experienced professionals Search jobs Follow PwC UK Careers Working at PwC Inclusion Reward and benefits Discover our UK offices Our People. Their Stories. Talent Community Alumni Our Business Actuarial Audit Consulting Deals Business Solutions Legal Operate Risk Tax Technology Early Careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Event search Job search Employability hub Training and development Applying and FAQs Experienced Careers Our job search Careers toolkit Applying Partner Recruitment Flexible and contractor Our job search Flexible careers Contractor careers Join our Talent Community Your account © 2020 - 2026 PwC. All rights reserved. PwC refers to the PwC network and/or one or more of its member firms, each of which is a separate legal entity. Please see www.pwc.com/structure for further details. Privacy Statement Cookies info Legal Disclaimer About Site Provider Provision of Services Diversity Web Accessibility