Job vacancy - Lane Clark & Peacock LLP | LCP Careers Skip to main content Menu Early careers Early careers Back Early careers We offer a huge range of opportunities for those starting out in their careers. Find out more about our internship and graduate programmes and the opportunities we can offer. Learn more Graduate programme Summer internships Health postgraduate internship Pensions administration trainee programme Women's Talent Academy Graduates spotlight LCP graduates share their experience on their first few weeks at the firm, what they enjoyed most and the advice they would give anyone starting a graduate role. Our B Corp™ certification Why LCP became a Certified B Corp and how this commitment guides our work, decisions and responsibility to people, clients and the wider world. Discover more Experienced hires Experienced hires Back Experienced hires At LCP you can find a rewarding career in a supporting and empowering culture. Find out about job opportunities for experienced hires. Learn more Find a role Our vision & values LCP fuses human expertise with powerful analytics, guided by four values: Curious, Accountable, Connected and Agile. Explore LCP's podcasts Listen to the latest episodes of LCP's podcasts on all major podcast platforms. Find out more Life at LCP Life at LCP Back Life at LCP Find out more about life at LCP, our people principles and our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion. Learn more Our benefits Our vision & values Inside LCP Our candidate charter Graduates spotlight Diversity, Equity and Inclusion How we embed diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) within our people principles and across the work we do. Discover more LCP's impact report Discover how we're shaping a more positive future. Read more Our stories Get in touch Menu Explore LCP Home Experienced hires Life at LCP Our stories Get in touch Find a role Home Find a role Job vacancy Investment Consulting - Summer Internship 2027 Business area Early Careers Location London and Winchester Job ID 325060 LCP is an award-winning actuarial and analytics consultancy providing advice on investments, pensions, insurance, energy, employee benefits and health. We fuse human expertise with powerful analytics to shape a more positive future for our clients and people. The Opportunity: Gain experience and dive into the world of LCP, where your journey in investment consulting isn't just about crunching numbers, instead striking a fascinating balance between technical work and consulting. The Role: As a Summer Intern on the team, you will learn: · Strategic advice: Learn how we use complex models to evaluate past performance and future risks associated with different asset classes, with a view to identifying optimal investment strategies. This includes detailed consideration of responsible investing, so that we can help shape a better future · Engaging Communication: You’ll understand how we provide detailed written advice and verbal advice to clients, helping simplify and convey complex ideas to clients, fostering positive collaborative relationships through various channels from emails to face-to-face meetings · Diverse Client consulting: See how we advise a range of clients including some of the largest pension schemes in the country, charities, and insurance companies · Market knowledge: Remain updated on financial market shifts and how they impact clients and their performance against their objectives. Learn how we search the market for the best investment managers to implement clients’ chosen strategies What We’re Looking For: · A Level STEM subject A Grade · Studying for a Degree in any subject and on track to achieve a 2:1 · IT skills – including Microsoft software · Problem solving, numeracy and analytical skills · Remaining up to date on developments across financial markets · Excellent communication skills Why should you choose LCP? · Vibrant Culture: Join an environment brimming with fun, collaboration, and mutual growth · Gain Experience: Build your knowledge with exposure to real projects and work · Network: Opportunity to learn from experienced professionals and build a network · Future Opportunities: Potential for future career opportunities on our Graduate Programme · A Celebration of Diversity: At LCP, every voice matters. We champion a space where all forms of diversity are celebrated, ensuring everyone feels seen, heard, and valued · One office culture: You can choose to apply for a role at either our London or Winchester office, to suit your preference. Our one office culture, with collaborative cross office working, ensures you will get equal opportunities, recognition and career progression regardless of your choice of location Take a look at our Career stories to find out why people love working at LCP. You would be joining a multi-award winning, fun, collaborative, people first organisation where your personal and professional skills will be developed to make you the best you can be. Apply Now: Ready to embark on a career where your potential knows no bounds then don’t delay click on the apply now button! Please note: Roles may close as early as Friday 16 October 2026 if we receive a high volume of applications, so apply as soon as you can. Accessibility: LCP is committed to making our opportunities accessible to all. If you would like to talk to someone about any adjustments you may need to assist with your application process, please contact our Early Careers recruitment team by emailing [email protected] to arrange a confidential conversation. Apply now Connect with us Glassdoor YouTube LinkedIn Instagram We fuse human expertise with powerful analytics to shape a more positive future. Legal notices Privacy & cookies Accessibility Modern Slavery Information security All content © copyright 2026 Lane Clark & Peacock LLP. All rights reserved. Jump to top