Early Careers at Aon - UK Graduates | Aon Skip to main content Opens in a new tab External site AON Logo Open menu Close Menu AON Logo Who We Are What We Do What We Think News Join Our Team Opens in a new tab Investors Opens in a new tab Contact Us From Campus to Colleague Early Careers / United Kingdom / Graduates View all UK Graduate Opportunities Each year, we welcome graduates into Launch, our global early careers programme designed to develop talent. Through meaningful work, support and development, you'll build the skills to grow your career and help shape the future of our business. Traning and Development We provide you with the technical expertise, professional skills and opportunities to make the most of your talent and develop your career. Our market-leading study packages include fully funded professional qualifications, tutorial support, study materials and study leave, and combines this with on-the-job experience so that you can turn your knowledge into action. Build relationships with colleagues who can offer experience, knowledge and skills to help you grow. Explore Your Next Steps Click on the stream information below to explore our range of graduate opportunities. When you find the best option for you, we encourage you to apply early. Actuarial Consulting - General Insurance & Reinsurance Analytics Now closed for applications for 2026 Actuarial Consulting – Pensions – Regional Now closed for applications for 2026 Actuarial Consulting – Pensions – London Now closed for applications for 2026 Commercial Risk & Reinsurance Broking Now closed for applications for 2026 Commercial Risk Consulting Now closed for applications for 2026 Client Management Now closed for applications for 2026 Catastrophe Modelling Now closed for applications for 2026 Data Solutions Now closed for applications for 2026 Investment Consulting Now closed for applications for 2026 Reward Advisory Now closed for applications for 2026 Aon Assessment Solutions Now closed for applications for 2026 Employee Benefits Now closed for applications for 2026 Commercial Risk – Business Development Now closed for applications for 2026 General Insurance & Professional Risk Broking Now closed for applications for 2026 Captive & Insurance Management – St. Peter Port, Guernsey Now closed for applications for 2026 Who Should Apply You should have (or be on track to acheive) a 2:1 degree. Some of our graduate streams have other specific requirements. You can learn more by reviewing the information for each stream. View all UK Graduate Opportunities Application Information Applications for our UK Graduate Programme open each Autumn. Details, including closing dates, can be found when clicking on the stream information tiles. Apply early! Assessments Centres begin prior to closing dates and applications may close early if roles are filled. Learn more about our Application Process Learn more about our Career Paths × Aon Application Process We want our application process to be a two-way street. We get to know more about you and you get to know more about us. Here is a summary of each stage of the process so you'll know exactly what to expect. Stage 1 Online Application This is where we will capture your personal information and academic history, and check your eligibility for your intended stream. Stage 2 Online Assessments We will present you with a series of online tasks to assess your response in different scenarios to help us match your skills to roles at Aon. Stage 3 Video Interview Once you've passed our online tests, you'll be invited to record answers to a number of short interview questions, designed to learn more about you (including what interests you about the role) and your level of knowledge of Aon and our industry. Stage 4 Shortlisting If your video submission is successful, you will be placed on a short list, which the business will review to fill places at our assessment centres. We cannot guarantee places at assessment centres for all candidates due to the volume of strong applicants. Stage 5 Assessment Centre Next, we'll put you to the test through a range of group and individual exercises. Depending on your performance, you could be offered a position at this stage. Stage 6 Final Interview In some instances, you may be invited to a final formal interview which will focus on: Your knowledge about our business and the industry Relevant skills Your drive and motivation × Learn more about our Career Paths Actuarial Consultant As a market leader in actuarial consulting, we support our clients in areas such as defined benefit pension schemes, actuarial software and risk and capital strategy. Due to the complex nature of our work, our clients rely heavily on our expert advice. What are we looking for? • Motivation and ambition to pursue an actuarial career • Excellent numerical ability • A strong communicator • Passion and inquisitiveness • Commercial awareness Investment Consultant Our consultants advise employers and governments on their pension schemes and other assets, in everything from setting investment strategies to corporate transactions and asset transfers. We enable our clients to take advantage of long-term investment trends and short-term opportunities in order to meet their objectives. What are we looking for? • Motivation and ambition • Passion and inquisitiveness • Commercial awareness Broker Trends in economics, demographics and technological change are creating unprecedented volatility for organisations. Our Commercial Risk and Reinsurance brokers offer risk advisory, claims advocacy and structured solutions that help better identify, quantify and manage risk exposure. What we are looking for? • Motivation and ambition • Commercial awareness • Ability to build relationships, communicate and work collaboratively Catastrophe Modeller Our catastrophe modellers come from a wide range of backgrounds, including science, economics and engineering, and analyse the potential impact of natural or man-made disasters on financial assets. We perform risk quantification using a wide range of commercial models and internal tools. What we are looking for? • Logical thinking and problem-solving abilities • Attention to detail • Good communication skills • A self-starter that can take the initiative, work independently and collaboratively • Commercial awareness Data Solutions We focus on working with large data sets to ensure strategic projects can be delivered efficiently. Our team of specialists design and complete a vast array of projects for our clients across areas such as data, consulting, project management and administration. What we are looking for? • Excellent Microsoft Excel skills • Experience or passion for data analysis • Analytical mind and good communication skills • Commercial awareness Commercial Risk Consultant We provide strategic advice and support to companies in the global insurance, reinsurance, and health and benefits markets, offering our unparalleled access to unique and compelling insights. What we are looking for? • Aptitude for effective problem solving and analytical skills • Strong business writing skills • Research and presentation skills • People skills Who We Are What We Do What We Think News Join Our Team Opens in a new tab Investors Opens in a new tab Contact Us LinkedIn, opens in a new tab Twitter, opens in a new tab Facebook, opens in a new tab &copy2026 Aon plc. All rights reserved Privacy Policy Opens in a new tab Legal Opens in a new tab Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Opens in a new tab Cookie Preferences Opens in a new tab