Global tax reform | EY - UK EY Logo Insights AI Insights Finance Geostrategy People and workforce Risk Sustainability Technology Transformation Services Strategy by EY-Parthenon Strategy Consulting Services Corporate Strategy Geopolitical Strategy Commercial Strategy Working Capital Turnaround and Restructuring Consulting Sustainability Strategy AI Strategy Services Industry Strategy Transactions and Corporate Finance by EY-Parthenon M&A Advisory M&A Integration M&A AI-powered Technology Divestment Strategy Corporate Finance Valuation, Modeling & Economics Due Diligence Services Infrastructure Advisory Transaction Tax Consulting Customer & Growth by EY Studio+ Cyber Incident Resilience and Response Solution Data and decision intelligence CRO (Risk) Supply chain and operations Technology leaders’ agenda Transformation EQ Transformation Platforms People and workforce Change management and experience HR Transformation Services People Mobility Solution Learning and development consulting services Recognition and reward advisory Workforce analytics Assurance Services Technology Risk Audit Climate change and sustainability services Financial accounting advisory services Forensic and Integrity Services The EY private client audit experience Long-term value metrics creation IFRS Tax Tax planning Tax function operations Tax policy and controversy Global trade Global tax reform Tax compliance Transaction Tax Tax services: Designed for private Law Corporate and commercial law Digital law Labor and employment law Legal operations Transaction law Technology Technology Managed Services ey.ai The Reimagination Engine EY Audit Technology Tax technology M&A AI-powered Technology Technology transformation Alliances Blockchain EY Managed Services Cybersecurity Managed Services Financial Accounting and Expanded Corporate Reporting Managed Services Legal Managed Services Risk Managed Services Supply Chain and Operations Managed Services Sustainability managed services Tax Managed Services Technology Managed Services EY Private EY Private client experience EY private client audit experience service offerings Tax services: Designed for private Family enterprise IPO Entrepreneurship EY Sustainability Sustainability Strategy Climate change and sustainability services Sustainable finance Supply Chain Transformation Sustainability tax services Legal services Global renewables Climate and decarbonization Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) Services Industries Consumer & Health Consumer Products Health Life Sciences Retail Financial Services Banking & Capital Markets Insurance Wealth & Asset Management Sustainability in Financial Services Fintech and ecosystems Government & Infrastructure Government & Public Sector Infrastructure Education Human services Public finance management Industrials & Energy Aerospace, Defense & Mobility Industrial Products Mining & Metals Oil & Gas and Chemicals Power & Utilities Future mobility Mobility lens suite Transportation Private Equity Digital in private equity Exit readiness PE deal origination Private Equity Portfolio Company Value Creation Services Generative AI services for private equity Technology, Media & Entertainment, Telecommunications Technology, Media & Entertainment, Telecommunications Telecommunications Technology sector As-a-service business operations and transformation TMT business resiliency suite Future network now Capital operations and innovation suite (COInS) Careers What you can do here Technology careers at EY Assurance careers at EY Careers in Consulting Tax careers at EY Careers in People Advisory Services Careers in Financial Services Careers in Core Business Services Careers in EY-Parthenon What it's like to work here Belonging at EY Personalised career development Rewards and benefits How to join us How to join us Early Careers Adjustments Job search Experienced professionals Early Careers Our locations About us Our purpose Our values Our people EY UK 2025 Impact Report Alumni Newsroom EY Network Locations Connect with us Insights Read more Read less Asking the better questions that unlock new answers to the working world's most complex issues. Read more Read less Explore Trending topics Read more Read less See more Read more Read less See more Read more Read less Spotlight Read more Read less AI insights Sustainability in business Economics EY Center of Board Matters CEO agenda Technology leaders' agenda EY Case studies EY webcasts See more Read more Read less Services Read more Read less EY helps clients create long-term value for all stakeholders. Enabled by data and technology, our services and solutions provide trust through assurance and help clients transform, grow and operate. Read more Read less Explore See more Read more Read less Spotlight Read more Read less ey.ai The Reimagination Engine Strategy, transaction and transformation consulting Technology transformation Tax function operations Climate change and sustainability services EY Ecosystems EY Nexus: business transformation platform Read more Read less Industries Read more Read less Discover how EY insights and services are helping to reframe the future of your industry. Read more Read less Explore See more Read more Read less Case studies Read more Read less Corporate Responsibility How TRANSFORM is helping impact entrepreneurs scale 10 Apr 2026 EY Global Alliances How humanoid robotics are strengthening complex industrial work 16 Mar 2026 EY Global Alliances How IntraBio's finance transformation fueled its global expansion 14 May 2025 EY Global See all Read more Read less Careers Read more Read less We bring together extraordinary people, like you, to build a better working world. Read more Read less Explore See more Read more Read less Spotlight Read more Read less Experienced careers Early careers Technology careers Belonging at EY Read more Read less About us Read more Read less At EY, our purpose is building a better working world. The insights and services we provide help to create long-term value for clients, people and society, and to build trust in the capital markets. Read more Read less Explore See more Read more Read less Top news Read more Read less Search search Search for insights, services and people... close search See all results for ' ' No results have been found Topics See All General See All People See All Recent Searches Trending When the world shifts overnight, can you operate at the speed of trust? Risk operating models must become strategy-first, trigger-based and governance-forward. Learn how Risk Strategists are leading the way. 05 Mar 2026 Corporate culture How data readiness can enhance private equity exit value Data readiness is now critical to exit value, speed and confidence. Discover why it matters and how to be proactive. 05 Mar 2026 Private Equity How telcos can transform their B2B growth outlook A changing geopolitical environment coupled with rising security needs offer ICT providers new opportunities to reinvigorate their B2B growth. 24 Feb 2026 Telecommunications My EY My EY Select your location Local sites Global tax reform Government policymakers around the world are working together on tax reforms that could significantly alter the way global businesses are taxed. Of key importance is the OECD/G20 led project on addressing the tax challenges arising from the globalization and digitalization of the economy, commonly known as BEPS 2.0. The changes in development would significantly alter the overall international tax architecture under which multinational businesses operate. The BEPS 2.0 project has two elements: Pillar One on new nexus and profit allocation rules with the objective of assigning a greater share of taxing rights over global business income to market countries and Pillar Two on new global minimum tax rules with the aim of ensuring that all global business income is subject to at least an agreed minimum rate of tax. All multinational companies will be affected by the fundamental changes to long-standing international tax rules contemplated under Pillar One and Pillar Two. Read more Read less Featured Thinking Why public disclosure will require renewed focus on CbC reporting EY Global 05 Jun 2024 How ready are you? The BEPS 2.0 Pillar Two project is reaching a critical phase, when businesses and governments need to shift from the potential impact of change to the practical aspects of applying and administering the new rules. Global minimum taxes are proposed to take effect in 2023: is your organization prepared? Global minimum tax rules, also known as Pillar Two Model Rules, are set to dramatically change the international tax landscape and create significant new tax reporting and compliance requirements for affected organizations, in every industry. Developed in the OECD/G20 BEPS 2.0 project, these rules are targeted to take effect as early as 2023. Organizations must take action now to understand the impacts of the Model Rules and develop a comprehensive plan, investing in additional resources and technology, as well as updating tax reporting processes and controls. Global minimum taxes timeline Read more Read less Get our latest global Tax Alerts Keep up-to-date on significant tax developments around the globe with EY’s global Tax Alert library. Explore more Tracking the latest BEPS developments The EY BEPS tracker helps you monitor latest developments in jurisdictions related to the implementation of global minimum tax rules. Download PDF Our latest thinking Five things to watch as EU Member States roll out Pillar Two rules Multinationals will need to keep an eye out as similar but differing minimum taxes take shape across the EU this year. Learn more. Maikel Evers + 2 Five steps tax accounting teams can take for BEPS 2.0 With BEPS 2.0 due to come into force in late 2023/early 2024, tax accounting teams prepare for Pillar Two rules on global minimum taxation. Learn more. Adam Sweet How a global minimum tax will affect sustainability tax incentives Multinationals and jurisdictions may need to rethink their sustainability tax incentives if countries adopt 15% global minimum tax rules. Learn more. EY Global How transformation is redefining the skillset of the tax professional Thanks to a range of demands, the role of the tax professional is changing fast, which means the skills required are shifting, too. Learn more. EY Global Previous Next The team Barbara Angus EY Global Tax Policy Enthusiastic participant in the global tax policy dialogue. Zealous advocate. Leverages invaluable experience gained as a founding member of an all-lawyer comedy troupe. Washington DC, United States Tracee Fultz EY Global Transfer Pricing Leader Leader dedicated to transform transfer pricing for the digital future. Broad experience in various transfer pricing advisory projects. Curious, reader, explorer, math coach and shoe designer. New York, NY, United States Ronald van den Brekel EY Global TP Market and Innovation Leader Former tax inspector. Experienced in new tax policy developments. Rotterdam, Netherlands Channing Flynn EY Global Alliances and Ecosystems Architecture Lead Global Technology Tax Sector Leader. Traveller who enjoys fly fishing in remote locations, skiing, sailing and getting lost in small villages. Father. Soccer and flag football coach. San Jose, CA, United States Show more How EY can help International tax planning Our international tax planning professionals can help support you with the tax aspects of cross-border situations and transactions. Find out how. Read more Tax policy Our tax policy professionals can help you stay ahead of potential tax changes, better manage tax risk and understand key tax trends. Find out more. Read more Transaction Tax, Law and Workforce Advisory Services Our transaction tax, law and workforce team can help you transform your business and maximize the value of your transactions. Find out more. Read more BEPS 2.0 Getting ready for global minimum taxes: EY can help you evaluate the impact on your organization and develop a robust, actionable plan. Learn more. Read more Contact us Like what you’ve seen? Get in touch to learn more. On the agenda (5) Skip west Tax Featured: How AI-powered data optimization drives tax and finance transformation Discover east Tax leaders’ agenda Featured: Why five years of transforming tax and finance functions is paying off Discover east GCO agenda Featured: The General Counsel Imperative: How the law department is key in unlocking your sustainability strategy Discover east Global trade Featured: How disruption is shaping opportunities for global trade Discover east Tax policy and controversy Featured: Why public disclosure will require renewed focus on CbC reporting Discover east east End of On the agenda EY logo Legal and privacy Modern slavery statement Connect with us Our locations My EY Site map Read more Read less Open Facebook profile Open LinkedIn profile Open Youtube profile EY refers to the global organization, and may refer to one or more, of the member firms of Ernst & Young Global Limited, each of which is a separate legal entity. Ernst & Young Global Limited, a UK company limited by guarantee, does not provide services to clients. Welcome to EY uk (en) You are visiting EY uk (en) uk en