Early Careers - Lloyd's Skip to main content Back to Menu About Lloyd's Market resources Insights Contact Investors Careers Locations Log in About Lloyd's About Lloyd's Lloyd’s is the only insurance marketplace of its kind in the world. We bring together the world’s leading risk takers to advance global progress. Explore Lloyd's In the spotlight Our company Our people Our impact Investor relations Policyholders In the spotlight Half Year Results 2026 We have announced our Half Year Results for 2026. The Lloyd’s market delivered a solid first half performance, with gross written premium of £34.7bn and a combined ratio of 90.8%. View the results Join the Lloyd’s market Join the best minds in the industry. Access the expertise, knowledge and insights to protect and develop your business. How to join the market Our company Understanding the Lloyd's market Our strategy Our history The Lloyd's building Corporation governance Join the Lloyd's market Our people Careers Culture Our impact Sustainability Community involvement Investor relations Overview Financial results Non-financial reporting Our ratings Capital structure Syndicate reports and accounts Capital Markets Day Policyholders Policyholders Market resources Market resources Find and access the information, tools and resources you need when working in or with the Lloyd’s market. View all market resources Our featured resources Market communications Oversight Reporting Regulatory Market Directory Services Tools Our featured resources Requirements of the Lloyd's Council The rules which govern the Lloyd's market including byelaws and other requirements. View the requirements Crystal+ Crystal+ provides Lloyd’s market participants with quick and easy access to global regulatory, compliance and tax information, supporting our market in writing globally compliant business. Learn more about Crystal+ Latest market bulletins Market Bulletins are the formal means of Lloyd’s informing the market of business critical issues. View market bulletins Market communications Market bulletins Regulatory Communications Corporate notices Oversight Market oversight Delegated Authority Capital and reserving Underwriting Capital and Planning Group Claims Customer oversight Reporting Business Timetable Syndicate accounts and financial reporting Future of reporting Regulatory Regulatory Information Tax information Requirements for participating in the Lloyd's market Market Directory Market Directory Brokers Coverholders Managing agents Members' agents and advisors Open market correspondent Associations Services Multinational business at Lloyd's Member Services Learning at Lloyd's Culture resources Investment Complaints Lloyd's Agency Network Salvage Arbitration Branch Building facilities Tools All tools Insights Hub Crystal+ Delegated Authority tools Insights Insights Stay on top of all the latest news impacting the insurance marketplace and understand the innovations, trends and insights impacting the risk landscape. View all insights Featured insights News Risk Insights Innovation Education Featured insights Lloyd's Lab - the heart of innovation for insurance An award winning space dedicated to accelerating and fostering new products and solutions fit for the needs of our customers around the world. Explore Lloyd's Lab Lloyd's Academy The industry-leading commercial education platform for risk professionals to deepen their knowledge, strengthen their network, and leverage the unrivalled power and solutions of the Lloyd’s market. Discover more about Lloyd's Academy News News Events Media centre Risk Insights Risk reports Innovation Lloyd's Lab Education Lloyd's Academy Contact Investors Careers Locations Log in Search Lloyd's Early careers at Lloyd’s Starting your careers at Lloyd's Our programmes Our people Application tips Home About Lloyd's Careers Early careers A place for curious minds. Just like yours. At Lloyd’s, risk meets opportunity. Every decision reverberates across continents. You could help to protect businesses against cyber threats, insure satellites in space, and help communities prepare for natural disasters. Insurance isn’t just anticipating the future. It’s shaping it. Our world is changing. And at Lloyd’s, we need curious minds to define what that change will be. To thrive here, you’ll bring fresh perspectives – and the confidence to share them. Explore our range of early careers opportunities. Discover the role you could have in shaping the future. Our programmes Graduates Finished university and keen for the next step? Our seven graduate schemes give you first-hand and first-class experience in the world of insurance. Applications are now closed. Find out more Apprentices Looking for an alternative to university? See how our Lloyd’s apprenticeship schemes could fast-track your route into the world of work. Find out more Insights Week Want to find out if the insurance industry would suit you? Join colleagues from across Lloyd’s for three days of face-to-face workshops and networking, delving into the insurance industry. Find out more Our people Discover what our current and past apprentices and graduates have to say about their careers in insurance. Plus, find out more about our schemes and the career paths they could lead to. Hear from our people Application tips. And what you can expect from us. Looking after our trainees It’s important to us that you feel supported throughout your time at Lloyd’s. Learn about some of the ways we’ll seek to support you on your programme. Find out more Application hints & tips There are different stages you will have to go through when applying to our schemes. To help you along the way, we have provided some top tips for each of the stages. Find out more Culture at Lloyd’s Culture is one of our four strategic pillars. Our aim is to transform the culture in both the Lloyd’s Corporation and the Lloyd’s market by embedding inclusive practices that enable high performance. Find out more Opportunities in the Lloyd’s market Interested in a career in the world’s leading insurance marketplace? There are also early careers opportunities available with organisations who operate within the Lloyd’s market. London Insurance Life details the latest opportunities within the market and provides resources for those curious and wanting to learn more about a career in insurance, including job simulators and how your personal interests are more closely connected to the world of insurance than you may think. Explore opportunities within the Lloyd’s market Talent overview We have also provided an infographic which offers a visual overview of the range of early talent attraction initiatives and technical and non-technical training available within the Lloyd’s and London (re)insurance market. Information on specific offerings can be accessed by following the links within the document. Download our Talent Overview infographic Subscribe for the latest updates Market Bulletins Tax news and updates Support Contact us FAQs Glossary & acronyms Accessibility Useful organisations Market resources Market Directory Crystal+ All market resources Legal Privacy Cookies Terms and conditions Modern Slavery Act Statement Subscribe for the latest updates Market Bulletins Tax news and updates Support Contact us FAQs Glossary & acronyms Accessibility Useful organisations Market resources Market Directory Crystal+ All market resources Legal Privacy Cookies Terms and conditions Modern Slavery Act Statement Follow us © Lloyd’s 2026. Lloyd’s and Corporation of Lloyd’s are registered trademarks of the Society of Lloyd’s. Lloyd’s is authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000.