New World New Skills Work Experience | PwC UK Careers Skip to content Skip to footer Early careers Experienced careers Flexible or contractor careers Working at PwC Our people, their stories. More Search Menu Early careers Early careers Applying and FAQs Employability hub Entry level Graduate Our events Our job search Training and development Undergraduate Menu Early careers Applying and FAQs Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessment and selection process Do you need immigration authorisation to work in the UK? FAQs The behaviours we look for Menu Early careers Employability hub Menu Early careers Entry level Entry level programmes Flying Start degree programmes New World. New Skills. Virtual Insight Programme Menu Early careers Graduate Advisory and Consulting Audit, Accounting, Tax and Finance Legal Services Strategy Technology and AI Menu Early careers Our events Virtual Classroom Menu Early careers Our job search Menu Early careers Training and development Menu Early careers Undergraduate Diversity Programmes Legal Summer Vacation Scheme Summer Internship Undergraduate Work Placement Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Experienced careers Experienced careers Application support Careers toolkit Partner recruitment Search all jobs Menu Experienced careers Application support Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessments - what to expect Our application experience PwC sponsorship and working permits Recruitment agencies The behaviours we look for Menu Experienced careers Careers toolkit Menu Experienced careers Partner recruitment Menu Experienced careers Search all jobs Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Flexible careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible careers Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Working at PwC Working at PwC Career development Discover our UK offices Inclusion Our business areas Our people. Their stories Reward and benefits Wellbeing at PwC Menu Working at PwC Career development Menu Working at PwC Discover our UK offices Menu Working at PwC Inclusion Menu Working at PwC Our business areas Actuarial Audit Business Solutions Consulting Deals Legal Operate Tax Technology Menu Working at PwC Our people. Their stories Menu Working at PwC Reward and benefits Menu Working at PwC Wellbeing at PwC Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Our people, their stories. Our people, their stories. Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Loading Results No Match Found View All Results New World New Skills Work Experience Entry level Unlock your potential: Upskill for the future with PwC's New World, New Skills Work Experience Duration Four days This is right for you if you're in Year 12 in England/Wales, Year 13 in NI or S5 in Scotland Start date Summer 2027 Location Selected offices across the UK About the New World New Skills work experience programme At PwC, we know that when people from diverse backgrounds, with different points of view, work together, good things happen - for our clients, our people and our society. That’s why we’re committed to expanding access and opportunity for underrepresented groups at PwC. We recognise that students from lower socioeconomic backgrounds can face additional barriers, which may limit their access to opportunities. That’s why we run New World, New Skills. It’s a paid work-experience programme designed to provide an opportunity for school and college students from lower-socio economic backgrounds to experience a snapshot of life at PwC. It's your chance to learn all about PwC, the working world, and our early careers opportunities. In return, we’ll get to know you and help you develop your skills to take the next step in your career. You’ll leave knowing more about our entry level programmes and Flying Start degree programmes, undergraduate and graduate programmes, if wish to apply to PwC in the future. This year’s New World, New Skills programme will take place in August 2027 across a range of our offices. We look forward to welcoming you. What you'll do Real PwC work experience You’ll be in our offices for four days meeting our people face-to-face. This is a unique opportunity to get a feel for our teams and the work they do. We’ll introduce you to the different parts of our business through interactive sessions. These will be delivered by our people across the firm, so you’ll have chance to hear about the work they do and ask any questions along the way. There will be networking sessions with people across many grades at PwC from Associates to Partners. You’ll also be taking part in skills sessions that will help you in your chosen career. What skills and experience you’ll gain You'll build valuable skills and gain first-hand insight into how PwC supports clients, working as part of a team to solve a business challenge. We aim to deliver the kind of experience that helps you recognise your full potential and get excited about your future career. You’ll learn about PwC, the work we do and develop key employability skills in readiness for your future career. Pay and support For the duration of the programme: you’ll receive an hourly pay in line with National Living Wage we’ll provide you with a PwC laptop to work on we’ll provide free lunches and cover all reasonable travel expenses. Who can apply To apply: you must live within 90 minutes of an office where the programme is running and be able to attend, in person, for the full length of the programme. you must currently be in Year 12 (in England and Wales, Year 13 in Northern Ireland and S5 in Scotland) you must be on course for a 96 UCAS tariff from across your top three A-Levels in any subject or equivalent qualification (excluding General Studies and the EPQ) you must meet the socio-economic background requirements Socio‑economic background eligibility requirements As the aim of this programme is to create access to PwC for people from lower-socio -economic backgrounds, you’ll also need to meet the following criteria: Attend a state school or college. AND Are currently eligible for free school meals or have been in the last six years. OR When you were aged 14, the occupation of your main household earner met the criteria used to identify people from lower socio-economic backgrounds, in line with Social Mobility Commission guidance . We can give you guidance on all these requirements when you apply. How we assess eligibility and your data Your eligibility will be assessed based on your responses in the Equal Opportunities form and your overall application. The focus will be on your school type, free school meal eligibility and parental occupation, in line with best practices advised by Access Accountancy. If you choose not to disclose this information, please note that we may not be able to confirm your eligibility and thus may not consider your application for this programme. Please be assured that all personal information related to your eligibility will be reviewed confidentially and only by authorised personnel. Please see our privacy statement for more information . Our assessment and selection process Apply online The first thing you'll need to do is complete your application carefully, following all the instructions. Online assessment A series of online assessments that measure your cognitive skills, behaviours, natural preferences and reasoning abilities. Learn more about our assessment and selection process Assessment and selection process Employability Hub Interested in New World New Skills? Sign up to join our Talent Community Join our Talent Community Frequently asked questions Is the New World New Skills programme paid? Yes. Participants receive hourly pay in line with the National Living Wage, alongside free lunches, a PwC laptop for the week, and reasonable travel expenses. Do I need specific A‑level subjects to apply? You can study any subjects, as long as you are on track for a total of 96 UCAS tariff points from your top three A‑levels or equivalent qualifications. Who is the New World New Skills programme designed for? The programme is aimed at school students in Year 12 (or equivalent) from lower socio‑economic backgrounds who want to gain work experience and develop skills for the future. Does completing this programme guarantee a future role at PwC? The programme does not guarantee a job offer, but it helps you build skills and understanding of PwC’s entry level and Flying Start degree programmes should you choose to apply in future. What if I’m not eligible for this programme? If you don’t meet the eligibility criteria, you’re encouraged to explore other PwC early careers opportunities. Follow PwC UK Careers Working at PwC Inclusion Reward and benefits Discover our UK offices Our People. Their Stories. Talent Community Alumni Our Business Actuarial Audit Consulting Deals Business Solutions Legal Operate Risk Tax Technology Early Careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Event search Job search Employability hub Training and development Applying and FAQs Experienced Careers Our job search Careers toolkit Applying Partner Recruitment Flexible and contractor Our job search Flexible careers Contractor careers Join our Talent Community Your account © 2020 - 2026 PwC. All rights reserved. PwC refers to the PwC network and/or one or more of its member firms, each of which is a separate legal entity. Please see www.pwc.com/structure for further details. Privacy Statement Cookies info Legal Disclaimer About Site Provider Provision of Services Diversity Web Accessibility