PwC sponsorship and working permits | PwC UK Careers Skip to content Skip to footer Early careers Experienced careers Flexible or contractor careers Working at PwC Our people, their stories. More Search Menu Early careers Early careers Applying and FAQs Employability hub Entry level Graduate Our events Our job search Training and development Undergraduate Menu Early careers Applying and FAQs Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessment and selection process Do you need immigration authorisation to work in the UK? FAQs The behaviours we look for Menu Early careers Employability hub Menu Early careers Entry level Entry level programmes Flying Start degree programmes New World. New Skills. Virtual Insight Programme Menu Early careers Graduate Advisory and Consulting Audit, Accounting, Tax and Finance Legal Services Strategy Technology and AI Menu Early careers Our events Virtual Classroom Menu Early careers Our job search Menu Early careers Training and development Menu Early careers Undergraduate Diversity Programmes Legal Summer Vacation Scheme Summer Internship Undergraduate Work Placement Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Experienced careers Experienced careers Application support Careers toolkit Partner recruitment Search all jobs Menu Experienced careers Application support Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessments - what to expect Our application experience PwC sponsorship and working permits Recruitment agencies The behaviours we look for Menu Experienced careers Careers toolkit Menu Experienced careers Partner recruitment Menu Experienced careers Search all jobs Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Flexible careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible careers Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Working at PwC Working at PwC Career development Discover our UK offices Inclusion Our business areas Our people. Their stories Reward and benefits Wellbeing at PwC Menu Working at PwC Career development Menu Working at PwC Discover our UK offices Menu Working at PwC Inclusion Menu Working at PwC Our business areas Actuarial Audit Business Solutions Consulting Deals Legal Operate Tax Technology Menu Working at PwC Our people. Their stories Menu Working at PwC Reward and benefits Menu Working at PwC Wellbeing at PwC Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Our people, their stories. Our people, their stories. Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Loading Results No Match Found View All Results PwC sponsorship and working permits We welcome applications from all and will look to provide sponsorship to those who require a visa to live and work in the UK, subject to meeting all the necessary Home Office requirements. Student and work visas Tourist and business visitor visas Sponsored visa requirements Student and work visas If you hold a valid student or work visa we may be able to switch you to a PwC sponsored visa from within the UK. We have a set number of Certificate of Sponsorship applications that can be made each year. If this limit is reached and other Home Office requirements can not be met, it may prevent us from being able to sponsor and therefore employ you. Tourist and business visitor visas If you currently hold a tourist or business visitor visa and are offered a permanent role you will need to return to your home country to make a visa application. Sponsored visa requirements There are minimum salary requirements that need to be met in order to be eligible for a sponsored visa. Where we can offer sponsorship, this is indicated in the job description for each role, so please review ahead of making an application. Full details on visa restrictions can be found on the Home Office website and immigration rules are subject to change. Own right to work in the UK We welcome applications from candidates already eligible to work in the UK or those that can apply for a visa granting permission to work in the UK (e.g. dependent visas, ancestry etc.) that do not require sponsorship from PwC. You will be asked to share proof of this prior to receiving any offer of employment. In addition we would like to make you aware that if you are made an offer of employment with PwC you will need to remain on your current visa / permit. If for any reason your visa status changes, we will be unable to offer you sponsorship in the future. In addition, the firm would not fund any subsequent non sponsored visa applications - you will be solely responsible for paying and maintaining your own right to work in the UK. In some instances we may not be able to offer you a permanent contract. These changes will better develop and equip us with the behaviours we need to reach our full potential. We’ll support each other, embedding these behaviours in our culture so that we can continue building an experience that differentiates us from the rest, for now and for years to come. Offer of employment Any employment offer made by PwC is contingent upon you obtaining and maintaining the right to work and reside legally in the UK. You are required to notify us immediately if your immigration status changes after you have submitted your application. Application support The behaviours we look for Assessments - What to expect Applying with a disability Our application experience Frequently asked questions Recruitment agencies Join our Talent Community Sign up today From entry level to experienced professionals Search jobs Follow PwC UK Careers Working at PwC Inclusion Reward and benefits Discover our UK offices Our People. Their Stories. Talent Community Alumni Our Business Actuarial Audit Consulting Deals Business Solutions Legal Operate Risk Tax Technology Early Careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Event search Job search Employability hub Training and development Applying and FAQs Experienced Careers Our job search Careers toolkit Applying Partner Recruitment Flexible and contractor Our job search Flexible careers Contractor careers Join our Talent Community Your account © 2020 - 2026 PwC. All rights reserved. PwC refers to the PwC network and/or one or more of its member firms, each of which is a separate legal entity. Please see www.pwc.com/structure for further details. Privacy Statement Cookies info Legal Disclaimer About Site Provider Provision of Services Diversity Web Accessibility