Graduate Technology and AI | PwC UK Careers Skip to content Skip to footer Early careers Experienced careers Flexible or contractor careers Working at PwC Our people, their stories. More Search Menu Early careers Early careers Applying and FAQs Employability hub Entry level Graduate Our events Our job search Training and development Undergraduate Menu Early careers Applying and FAQs Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessment and selection process Do you need immigration authorisation to work in the UK? FAQs The behaviours we look for Menu Early careers Employability hub Menu Early careers Entry level Entry level programmes Flying Start degree programmes New World. New Skills. Virtual Insight Programme Menu Early careers Graduate Advisory and Consulting Audit, Accounting, Tax and Finance Legal Services Strategy Technology and AI Menu Early careers Our events Virtual Classroom Menu Early careers Our job search Menu Early careers Training and development Menu Early careers Undergraduate Diversity Programmes Legal Summer Vacation Scheme Summer Internship Undergraduate Work Placement Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Experienced careers Experienced careers Application support Careers toolkit Partner recruitment Search all jobs Menu Experienced careers Application support Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessments - what to expect Our application experience PwC sponsorship and working permits Recruitment agencies The behaviours we look for Menu Experienced careers Careers toolkit Menu Experienced careers Partner recruitment Menu Experienced careers Search all jobs Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Flexible careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible careers Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Working at PwC Working at PwC Career development Discover our UK offices Inclusion Our business areas Our people. Their stories Reward and benefits Wellbeing at PwC Menu Working at PwC Career development Menu Working at PwC Discover our UK offices Menu Working at PwC Inclusion Menu Working at PwC Our business areas Actuarial Audit Business Solutions Consulting Deals Legal Operate Tax Technology Menu Working at PwC Our people. Their stories Menu Working at PwC Reward and benefits Menu Working at PwC Wellbeing at PwC Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Our people, their stories. Our people, their stories. Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Loading Results No Match Found View All Results Technology and AI Graduate job Develop your expertise on rapidly ​evolving technology. You will design, develop ​and implement the latest technology These are right for you if you improve by problem solving, are agile minded and enjoy emerging technology Start date September 2027 Location Belfast, Birmingham, Leeds, London and Manchester Is Technology and AI right for you? Consider applying for these programmes if: You love solving complex problems. You are always looking for ways to improve things. You want to work at the cutting edge of tech. You have an agile mind and like constantly learning. What is Technology and AI? In Technology and AI roles, you’ll work with emerging technologies to transform the way that some of the world’s most significant organisations do business. Technology isn’t just an important part of every organisation’s performance. It’s the biggest single factor revolutionising the world around us. The way companies are run, the way they make decisions, manage teams and serve customers are all increasingly dependent on the latest systems and software. Cloud technologies and data analysis are changing the way that businesses understand their performance. AI is transforming the way we work at an incredible pace. And, in our connected digital age, Cybersecurity has become the prime risk factor for many organisations. Often though, the key missing element in all these concerns is human intelligence. That’s where you’ll come in. Everything we do at PwC is human-led and tech powered, because technology means nothing without a clear vision of how and why to use it. From innovative software products to robust infrastructure and complex solutions, you’ll help clients find and safely deploy the technology that delivers change for their business, at pace. PwC offers a variety of career paths working on leading technologies with alliance partnerships at the forefront of investment and innovation. All of our programmes involve getting hands-on or up close with the latest technology, building your understanding of what it can do and where it fits in the commercial world. All of them involve learning new things every day and future-proofing your skills, as constant innovation drives the conversation forward. Crucially though, all our Tech and AI programmes will build your commercial understanding as well as your technical knowledge. You’ll collaborate with multi-skilled teams across PwC, as well as working closely with our tech partners and client teams, to solve real-world problems. What you'll do Solve complex technology problems for clients Whatever technical expertise you develop, your role will involve problem-solving. The solutions we deliver range from the technical to the strategic and operational. But whether you’re focused on a new app, an entire systems infrastructure or a cyber-attack, you’ll be using creative and design thinking to solve problems for our clients. Work hands‑on with modern technology and data Our Tech and AI programmes involve working with systems, platforms, code, or data. You’ll be using, designing, building, testing, implementing, maintaining or improving the latest technologies. That said, you don’t need an engineering or tech background for these programmes, just the desire to get into the details of how things work, and the drive to constantly improve them. Collaborate across teams to deliver change Meaningful tech change doesn’t happen in isolation. We perfect our solutions by working together. Our project teams usually involve developers, analysts and architects, not to mention engineers, consultants and project managers. We also work closely with partners (often the world’s biggest tech companies) and clients to ensure we find and deploy the right solution. Our graduate programmes require you to have passed or be on track to pass your degree. Please note that for certain roles in Engineering, Data Science and Analytics you may need to have studied a STEM degree subject. Right to work in the UK Any employment offer made by PwC is dependent on you obtaining and maintaining the right to work and reside legally in the UK. Immigration authorisation Entry requirements and eligibility Our graduate programmes require you to have passed or be on track to pass your degree. We work in a hybrid way, combining the flexibility of remote working with the benefits of in-person collaboration. You'll spend a minimum of three days each week in the office or on client site, where you'll work closely with colleagues and clients and gain practical experience from day one. Office and client-site expectations You'll spend a minimum of three days each week in the office or on client site. A career at PwC means embarking on a transformative learning and development journey. Our structured learning pathways will help you to build the critical technical and human skills you need to perform your role. And many of our training programmes are run firmwide, helping you to grow your network across different areas of the business. Your Talent Coach, alongside your team, will support you throughout your learning journey. Within Engineering, Data Science and Analytics, there are some roles where you’ll complete a professional qualification. When you apply, you can express your preference for studying for a qualification as part of your role. Training and development at PwC Learning and professional development A career at PwC means embarking on a transformative learning and development journey. Our benefits offering is an important part of your total reward package which is focused around five core areas: health and wellbeing; financial; lifestyle; protection against the unexpected and recognising you. Reward and benefits at PwC Reward and benefits Our benefits offering is an important part of your total reward package. < Back < Back [+] Read More Technology and AI business areas If you have a particular preference on business area or location, you'll have the opportunity to express this during the application process. Please note, preferences are considered but not guaranteed. You may not have a preference at this stage, and that's okay too. As you go through the recruitment process, you’ll have the opportunity to learn more about the roles we have available in the business category you’ve applied to. After you’ve successfully completed your assessment centre, you’ll be matched to a role that aligns with your interests and ambitions. Cyber Security Engineering, Data Science and Analytics Financial Crime and Forensics In Cyber Security, you’ll protect organisations from fast-moving and ever-present cyber threats through advanced technologies and strategies. Identifying vulnerabilities, developing secure systems, and providing proactive solutions, you’ll help our clients to safeguard sensitive data, protect customers, and maintain critical operations in times of attack. In Engineering, Data Science and Analytics, you’ll help clients analyse and leverage the data they collect more effectively. The business world creates and gathers more data every day and relies on that data to feed and build AI applications, so managing this vital resource is more important than ever before. Graduates in this area use advanced technologies and techniques to design and develop solutions that help our clients organise, integrate, quality control and mine data. As well as utilising this data, along with leveraging external data sources, to generate game changing market, financial and operational insights to give our clients an advantage (for example in the context of a business acquisition or disposal, new market entry or carve out process). Your cutting-edge work will play a crucial role in transforming raw data into actionable insights, enabling informed decision-making and driving business growth. If you join us as in Engineering, Data Science and Analytics, you could complete the CFAB professional qualification. Please note that for certain roles in this business area you may need to have studied a STEM degree subject. Certificate in Finance, Accounting & Business (CFAB) Kickstart your career journey with the ICAEW’s Certificate in Finance, Accounting & Business qualification, the internationally-recognised foundation in vital business skills, finance and strategy. Your CFAB studies are embedded in your learning and development programme, fostering personal growth and empowering you in your work at PwC. A launchpad for a diverse and varied career, the CFAB will equip you with the fundamental understanding of how business operates in an ever-evolving market. Each professional qualification is structured to provide a robust learning experience, alongside practical application in your role. PwC's commitment to your personal and professional growth ensures that your journey is as rewarding as the destination. Your career starts here, with the empowering opportunity to gain a qualification that will serve you throughout your career in business. At PwC, our people in forensic services focus on identifying and preventing fraudulent activities, conducting investigations, and maintaining compliance with regulatory requirements. Individuals in this field play a crucial role in safeguarding organisations against financial crimes and maintaining ethical business practices. In fraud, investigations and regulatory enforcement at PwC, you will focus on identifying and preventing fraudulent activities, conducting investigations, and confirming compliance with regulatory requirements. You will play a crucial role in safeguarding organisations against financial crimes and maintaining ethical business practices. Our assessment and selection process Apply online The first thing you'll need to do is complete your online application carefully, following all the instructions. Online assessment A series of online assessments that measure your cognitive skills, behaviours, natural preferences and reasoning abilities. Video interview The next stage of our assessment process is an on-demand video interview. The questions will focus on how you typically approach your work, for example at school, university or any prior work experience you may have. Assessment centre The penultimate stage of our recruitment process is a virtual immersive assessment centre. Finding you the right role Based on your performance throughout the assessment stages, and the preferences you indicated to us at the start of the application process we’ll match you to your business area and office. Business assessment The final stage of our recruitment process is an interview with a senior leader from the business area that you have been matched to. Learn more about our assessment and selection process Assessment and selection process Employability Hub Start your career in Technology and AI Apply to one of our roles Apply Frequently asked questions Do I need a specific degree to apply for Technology and AI? We welcome applications from students of all degree disciplines. Please note that for certain roles in Engineering, Data Science and Analytics you may need to have studied a STEM degree subject. Will I study towards a professional qualification on this programme? Within Engineering, Data Science and Analytics, there are some roles where you’ll complete a professional qualification. When you apply, you can express your preference for studying for a qualification as part of your role. Our structured learning pathways will help you to build the critical technical and human skills you need to perform your role. And many of our training programmes are run firmwide, helping you to grow your network across different areas of the business Can I choose my preferred business area or location? You can indicate preferences during the application process. These are considered but cannot be guaranteed. Do I need the right to work in the UK to apply? Any employment offer made by PwC is dependent on you obtaining and maintaining the right to work and reside legally in the UK. Follow PwC UK Careers Working at PwC Inclusion Reward and benefits Discover our UK offices Our People. Their Stories. Talent Community Alumni Our Business Actuarial Audit Consulting Deals Business Solutions Legal Operate Risk Tax Technology Early Careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Event search Job search Employability hub Training and development Applying and FAQs Experienced Careers Our job search Careers toolkit Applying Partner Recruitment Flexible and contractor Our job search Flexible careers Contractor careers Join our Talent Community Your account © 2020 - 2026 PwC. All rights reserved. PwC refers to the PwC network and/or one or more of its member firms, each of which is a separate legal entity. Please see www.pwc.com/structure for further details. Privacy Statement Cookies info Legal Disclaimer About Site Provider Provision of Services Diversity Web Accessibility