Our expertise make us global thought leaders Skip to main content We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand Learn More search Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search Highlights Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search search Highlights menu close Our Expertise Industries We are committed to industry specialization because we know you don’t have time for a learning curve. Here are the industries where we have world-class expertise. Find out more Capabilities Not all challenges are industry-specific. We guide clients through their thorniest business issues, from strategy to organizational effectiveness to the digital revolution. Find out more Insights Our thought leadership makes an impact — on clients, on industries, and on society. Whether you’re looking for a practical how-to or a provocative think piece, you’ll find it here. Find out more Global Locations Our experts operate from 50+ cities around the globe. Find an Oliver Wyman office near you. Find out more Events When industry leaders and experts come together to share experiences and spread knowledge, everyone wins. Here are the events we host, sponsor, or attend. Find out more Media Center Our people and our ideas often make the news. Find the latest updates from Oliver Wyman here. Find out more OUR EXPERTISE Industries Automotive Communications, Media, And Technology Education Energy And Natural Resources Financial Services Government And Public Institutions Health And Life Sciences Industrial Products Private Equity And Principal Investors Retail And Consumer Goods Transportation And Services capabilities Actuarial Consulting Climate And Sustainability Customer Innovation And Growth Digital Finance, Risk, And Restructuring Mergers And Acquisitions Oliver Wyman Engineers Operations Payments And Digital Economy People And Organizational Performance Performance Transformation Pricing, Sales, And Marketing Risk Management Strategy Turnaround And Restructuring OUR EXPERTISE Industries Automotive Communications, Media, And Technology Education Energy And Natural Resources Financial Services Government And Public Institutions Health And Life Sciences Industrial Products Private Equity And Principal Investors Retail And Consumer Goods Transportation And Services capabilities Actuarial Consulting Climate And Sustainability Customer Innovation And Growth Digital Finance, Risk, And Restructuring Mergers And Acquisitions Oliver Wyman Engineers Operations Payments And Digital Economy People And Organizational Performance Performance Transformation Pricing, Sales, And Marketing Risk Management Strategy Turnaround And Restructuring Footer XF Risk and insurance Reinsurance and capital People and investments Management consulting We're a global professional service firm bringing together capabilities across risk, reinsurance and capital, people and investments, and management consulting — building the confidence to thrive through the power of perspective. Terms Of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Statement On Accessibility Manage Cookies © 2026 Oliver Wyman, LLC. All Rights Reserved.