Global Quantitative Data Analytics Summer 2027 Analyst - London at Bank of America | Higherin DID YOU COMPLETE WORK EXPERIENCE THIS YEAR? IT'S TIME TO LEAVE A REVIEW Open menu Jobs Search all jobs Search and apply for internships, placements, graduate jobs, insights and apprenticeships University Students Internships Placements Graduate Jobs and Schemes Insights & Vacation Schemes Brand Ambassadors School Leavers Apprenticeships Degree Apprenticeships Level 2 Apprenticeships Level 3 Apprenticeships Level 4/5 Apprenticeships School Leaver Programmes Popular Searches Placements in London Internships in London Graduate Jobs in London Engineering Graduate Schemes Business Placements Finance Internships Marketing Placements Apprenticeships in London Business Apprenticeships Finance Apprenticeships Tech Apprenticeships Reviews Write A Review Share your experience of your apprenticeship, internship or placement to help future applicants make informed career decisions Read All Reviews What’s it like to work at your dream company? Written by university students and school leavers, read our job reviews to find out Reviews by Scheme Internship Reviews Placement Reviews Graduate Job Reviews Insight & Vacation Scheme Reviews Apprenticeship Reviews Degree Apprenticeship Reviews Level 2 Apprenticeship Reviews Level 3 Apprenticeship Reviews Level 4/5 Apprenticeship Reviews Companies All Companies Search for companies to learn more about their culture, read job reviews written by students, and discover the latest job opportunities they have to offer Top Employers Each year, we rank the employers leading the way in apprenticeship, undergraduate and graduate schemes - voted for entirely by your student job reviews Advice Explore Industries Accounting Careers Banking Careers Business Careers Engineering Careers Finance Careers IT & Technology Careers Legal & Law Careers Marketing Careers Public Sector Careers Retail & FMCG Careers Science & Research Careers View all Industries » Explore Schemes What is an Internship? What is a Placement? What is a Graduate Job? What is a Graduate Scheme? What is an Insight Scheme? What is an Off-Cycle Internship? What is an Apprenticeship? What is a Degree Apprenticeship? What is a Level 2 Apprenticeship? What is a Level 3 Apprenticeship? What is a Level 4 or 5 Apprenticeship? View all Schemes » All Careers Advice Educate yourself on your future career decisions Exploring Options Discover career paths that match your interests and strengths Application Tips Stand out with our CVs and application hacks Interview Tips Turn nerves into confidence and impress employers Student Life Make the most of your university or school experience Working Life Navigate your first job with ease University Hub Resources for university careers advisors and their students Schools Hub Supporting your students with post-16 options For Employers Sign In My Dashboard See new jobs and content matching your interests Application tracker Track your applications across multiple jobs My Reviews View your in progress or completed reviews Saved Items Managed your saved jobs and searches Account Update your profile to receive a better experience Visit Dashboard Sign out My Dashboard See new jobs and content matching your interests Application tracker Track your applications across multiple jobs My Reviews View your in progress or completed reviews Saved Items Managed your saved jobs and searches Account Update your profile to receive a better experience Create an account Sign in Close menu Jobs Search all jobs Search and apply for internships, placements, graduate jobs, insights and apprenticeships University Students Internships Placements Graduate Jobs and Schemes Insights & Vacation Schemes Brand Ambassadors School Leavers Apprenticeships Degree Apprenticeships Level 2 Apprenticeships Level 3 Apprenticeships Level 4/5 Apprenticeships School Leaver Programmes Popular Searches Placements in London Internships in London Graduate Jobs in London Engineering Graduate Schemes Business Placements Finance Internships Marketing Placements Apprenticeships in London Business Apprenticeships Finance Apprenticeships Tech Apprenticeships Reviews Write A Review Share your experience of your apprenticeship, internship or placement to help future applicants make informed career decisions Read All Reviews What’s it like to work at your dream company? Written by university students and school leavers, read our job reviews to find out Reviews by Scheme Internship Reviews Placement Reviews Graduate Job Reviews Insight & Vacation Scheme Reviews Apprenticeship Reviews Degree Apprenticeship Reviews Level 2 Apprenticeship Reviews Level 3 Apprenticeship Reviews Level 4/5 Apprenticeship Reviews Companies All Companies Search for companies to learn more about their culture, read job reviews written by students, and discover the latest job opportunities they have to offer Top Employers Each year, we rank the employers leading the way in apprenticeship, undergraduate and graduate schemes - voted for entirely by your student job reviews Advice Explore Industries Accounting Careers Banking Careers Business Careers Engineering Careers Finance Careers IT & Technology Careers Legal & Law Careers Marketing Careers Public Sector Careers Retail & FMCG Careers Science & Research Careers View all Industries » Explore Schemes What is an Internship? What is a Placement? What is a Graduate Job? What is a Graduate Scheme? What is an Insight Scheme? What is an Off-Cycle Internship? What is an Apprenticeship? What is a Degree Apprenticeship? What is a Level 2 Apprenticeship? What is a Level 3 Apprenticeship? What is a Level 4 or 5 Apprenticeship? View all Schemes » All Careers Advice Educate yourself on your future career decisions Exploring Options Discover career paths that match your interests and strengths Application Tips Stand out with our CVs and application hacks Interview Tips Turn nerves into confidence and impress employers Student Life Make the most of your university or school experience Working Life Navigate your first job with ease University Hub Resources for university careers advisors and their students Schools Hub Supporting your students with post-16 options Home / Jobs / Bank of America / Global Quantitative Data Analytics Summer 2027 Analyst - London at Bank of America Global Quantitative Data Analytics Summer 2027 Analyst - London at Bank of America About 4.7/5 Summary Job Description Job Details Deadline: 11th October 2026 1 day to go! Job Type: Internship (1 Month+) Job Roles: Banking Data Analysis Finance Locations: London Job Description The team Summer Analysts applying for this Global Quantitative Data Analytics Programme will join the Global Risk Management team. Global Risk Management (GRM) is an enterprise control function that provides independent risk management for Bank of America, ensuring the company pursues its Responsible Growth strategy through strong risk management practices. GRM provides independent second-line oversight of risk-taking activities across the enterprise, assessing and effectively challenging risks while developing, validating, and implementing risk management measures that support effective risk identification, measurement, monitoring, and decision-making. Programme Overview The Global Quantitative Data Summer Analyst Programme is a 10-week internship designed to provide insight into how quantitative analysis, data and model-related activities support effective risk management across Bank of America. As a Summer Analyst, you will gain exposure to how GRM uses analytical techniques, data-driven insights, and model lifecycle processes to identify, measure, monitor and manage risk. Depending on your team alignment, this may include exposure to areas such as model development for enterprise models, model risk management, model use, risk analytics, data analysis, stress testing, scenario analysis, or reporting. Summer Analysts are given meaningful responsibilities, contributing to real business challenges while developing analytical judgement, problem-solving skills and stakeholder communication. Projects may involve interpreting data, assessing methodologies, documenting analysis, improving processes, or helping teams translate technical information and analytical findings into practical risk insights and decision-making. The programme offers opportunities across quantitative, analytical, and data-oriented roles. You will build relationships across GRM, collaborate with business partners and gain exposure to senior leaders while developing skills for a career in quantitative and analytical risk management. Training and Development Supporting your development is a key priority, with formal training at the start of the programme complemented by on-the-job learning, speaker events, and mentorship opportunities. Responsibilities Supporting analysis of data, models, methodologies or risk processes to help inform business and risk management decisions Applying quantitative, analytical or problem-solving skills to projects aligned to your assigned team Helping interpret data, trends or model outputs and communicate findings clearly to technical and non-technical stakeholders Supporting activities across the model lifecycle, which may include development, validation, implementation, monitoring, documentation or use of models, depending on team alignment Conducting research and analysis using internal and/or external information to support risk assessments, scenario analysis, reporting or governance Contributing to process improvements, documentation, controls or analytical tools that help teams work more effectively Partnering with Risk Managers, quantitative specialists, technology partners and business stakeholders to understand how risk is identified, measured and managed Building relationships across Global Risk through project work, networking, mentoring, speaker sessions and development opportunities Eligibility Candidates are required to be pursuing a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree from an accredited college or university with a completion time frame between September 2027 and July 2028. Completion means that you have completed all final exams, coursework, and have no outstanding requirements for graduation. Please note that we reserve the right to request evidence of this completion date before extending an offer. On track for a minimum 2:1 degree classification (or equivalent) Must be available to join the programme from June 2027 to August 2027 Candidates who perform well during the internship may be offered full time employment to commence in July 2028; some lines of business may also offer the opportunity of a January or April start date. You must be available to join on one of these start dates if offered, unfortunately we are unable to offer deferrals. What we are looking for Essential Clear motivation for exploring a quantitative, data or analytical career within risk management and financial services Interest in how financial institutions identify, measure, monitor, and manage risk using data, models, and analytical judgement Strong analytical, numerical, and problem-solving skills, with sound judgement and attention to detail Ability to structure analysis and communicate technical concepts, conclusions, and limitations clearly to technical and non-technical stakeholders. Intellectual curiosity, critical thinking, and willingness to learn technical concepts Ability to work independently and collaboratively in a fast-paced environment Commitment to continuous learning, operational excellence, integrity, and professional conduct Fluency in English, which is essential for all roles; a second language may be advantageous Desired Exposure to quantitative, analytical or data-related disciplines such as statistics, probability, data analytics, machine learning or financial modelling Familiarity with analytical tools or programming languages such as Python, R, C++, MATLAB, SQL, Tableau, Power BI or similar Knowledge of risk management, financial products, markets or quantitative finance concepts Interest in model lifecycle activities, including model development, validation, monitoring, governance or model use Rewards and Benefits We offer a competitive Salary and Benefits package. Diversity and Inclusion At Bank of America, we are guided by a common purpose to help make financial lives better through the power of every connection. We do this by driving Responsible Growth and delivering for our clients, teammates, communities and shareholders every day. Being a Great Place to Work is core to how we drive Responsible Growth. This includes our commitment to being an inclusive workplace, attracting and developing exceptional talent, supporting our teammates’ physical, emotional, and financial wellness, recognising and rewarding performance, and how we make an impact in the communities we serve. Bank of America is committed to an in-office culture with specific requirements for office-based attendance and which allows for an appropriate level of flexibility for our teammates and businesses based on role-specific considerations. At Bank of America, you can build a successful career with opportunities to learn, grow, and make an impact. Join us! Please note the maximum number of applications that you can submit per recruitment season is 8. You are only allowed to submit: 3 applications in total to U.S. and Canada programs 2 applications in total to APAC programs 2 applications in total to LATAM programs EMEA applicants are limited to 1 application per recruitment season. Once your application has been submitted, you will be unable to apply to any additional EMEA programs. Our recruitment process Analyst internship and full-time recruiting takes place on a rolling basis once our applications are open. Assessments often begin before the deadline, so it’s best to submit your application early as this will give you the best chance of being considered for the role. We care deeply about shaping the world of work to be an equal and inclusive one – and that starts with our recruitment process. We know just how important and valuable it is to have a wide range of skills, backgrounds and experiences shaping our work and ideas. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds, and we’re proud to focus on attracting, retaining and developing diverse talent within Bank of America. Together, we aim to mirror the customers, clients and communities we serve. We are an equal opportunities employer, and ensure that no applicant is subject to less favourable treatment on the grounds of gender, gender identity or gender reassignment, marital or civil partner status, race, religion or belief, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origins, age, sexual orientation, being pregnant or on maternity leave, socio-economic background, responsibilities for dependants, physical or mental disability. The Bank selects candidates for interview based on their skills, qualifications and experience. What if I need workplace adjustments? We’re committed to ensuring our online application process provides an equal employment opportunity to all job seekers. If you need a workplace adjustment to search for a job opening, need help completing your application or video interview, please email juniortalentemea@bofa.com and let us know. We will be more than happy to discuss the support you need, and we will respond to your email within two business days. Application Deadline: October 11 2026 How to apply To apply for this role and to find out more, please click on the apply button. Please note that applications may close before the application deadline, so apply early to avoid disappointment. Job Details Deadline: 11th October 2026 1 day to go! Job Type: Internship (1 Month+) Job Roles: Banking Data Analysis Finance Locations: London About Bank of America Whatever your degree or background, we welcome students and graduates into our inclusive culture. We’re proud that Forbes named us one of 2025’s Best Large Employers – recognizing our commitment to inclusion and wellbeing. View Company Profile Company Rating 4.7 /5 Rating based on 176 Reviews This score is based on honest feedback written by students who’ve worked at Bank of America. See All Reviews Global Operations Operations Analyst Summer 2027 - Dublin at Bank of America Internship (1 Month+) Dublin View Job Corporate Audit Summer 2027 Analyst - Dublin at Bank of America Internship (1 Month+) Dublin View Job Global Technology Business Analyst Internship 2027 (6 months) - Dublin at Bank of America Internship (1 Month+) Dublin View Job Leasing Credit – Global Vendor Finance and International Asset Finance Summer Analyst - London 2027 at Bank of America Internship (1 Month+) London View Job Global Technology Software Engineer Summer 2027 Analyst - Bromley at Bank of America Internship (1 Month+) Bromley View Job View More Jobs Join the Higherin Community Save Time Easily add jobs from Higherin or external platforms to keep everything organised. Personalised Alerts Get tailored job recommendations and updates straight to your inbox. Exclusive Features Access tools like application tracking, deadline reminders, and saved searches. Stay Ahead Be the first to know about the latest opportunities and deadlines. Completely Free Create an account and unlock powerful features at no cost. Start Exploring Search for Jobs Job Reviews Companies Top Apprenticeship Employers Top Graduate Employers Top Undergraduate Employers Help & Support Contact Us Report a Problem For Employers Promote Internships Hire Apprentices Recruit Graduates Brand Ambassadors Employer Branding Activations Privacy & Legal Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our Company About Us Higherin Academy Careers higherin.careers higherin.apprenticeships 2026 Higherin. All rights reserved.