Vacancy details - Royal Bank of Canada Skip to content Home Login Register Search vacancies Help Help centre Cookie policy Privacy statement Terms of use Vacancy details Details 2027 Summer Analyst - Finance Vacancy type Campus Role Summer Analyst Programme Finance Location London Intake Year 2027 Description 2027 Summer Analyst - Finance Application Deadline: Rolling; early application recommended. Please note you can only apply to one vacancy per intake year. Royal Bank of Canada is a premier investment bank that provides a focused set of products and services to institutions, corporations, governments and high net worth clients in over 100 countries. We understand that the first steps in any career in finance are critical. With that in mind, we have the right formula to provide you with the opportunities and professional development you need to turn those first steps into a rewarding career. You'll be part of a company with a superior financial track record, credit rating and reputation. In fact, we maintained a high credit rating throughout the financial crisis. Interns will gain hands-on experience within our Finance function and receive career-building mentorship. Every year we recruit successful applicants into our London Finance teams within many areas suited to the interests of driven and focused students. We are committed to hiring the best students as we understand the value of growing talent from within the Summer Intern Programme and the significance that this diversity brings to our workforce. Programme details: As a Summer Intern you will rotate through key areas of our Finance function to develop an insight into the responsibilities of a full-time Finance Analyst in areas such as Product Control, Regulatory Reporting, Financial Control, Cost Control and Valuations. You will gain valuable exposure to the operations of a major international investment bank, as well as the hands-on experience you need to kick-start your career. Learning from experience: During the course of the programme, Summer Interns are given various projects to complete which may include: Analysis and preparation of financial statements and controls Assisting with the preparation of regulatory disclosures Supporting the front office with key research initiatives Analysing current and potential exposures to Financial risk Developing and editing reports and presentations for senior management Supporting the area that keeps the firm functioning at industry-leading level Training and development: You will be supported and developed in numerous ways throughout the programme including: Classroom based training covering commercial and industry knowledge Speaker Series – regular, cross platform information sessions delivered by our leading market professionals On the job training Buddy programme Networking and shadowing opportunities Social events with the wider 2027 Capital Markets cohort Should you be successful in converting your Summer Internship into a place on our Graduate Programme, you will also study for your ACA qualification through the BPP apprenticeship scheme You will receive mid and end-of-summer reviews as well as constructive feedback from your manager throughout your placement. Great care and resources have been devoted to ensure that at the end of the programme you have a solid understanding of the elements necessary for a successful career in the Finance function. What do we look for? We are not prescriptive on the subject of your degree; Whether you’re a philosophy student or an engineer, we’re more interested in an agile intellect, strong numerical and analytical skills, an awareness of global economic issues and a genuine interest in the international financial markets. Creativity, logic, interpersonal skills and inner drive all come into the equation. Apply Privacy statement Opens in new window | Terms of use Opens in new window | Accessibility Opens in new window | Manage cookies © 2026 | v7.0.401.0 Opens in new window