Gallagher Careers Skip to Main Content Toggle navigation Browse Jobs Sales/Production Client consulting & Support Client Service/Account Management Information Technology Claims Risk Management All Jobs Region United States United Kingdom & EMEA Canada Australia & NZ India & APAC Latin America Caribbean & Bermuda Division Gallagher Gallagher Bassett RPS Gallagher Re Artex Pen Underwriting Life At Gallagher Culture Employee Stories Inclusion and Diversity Early Careers Internships Recent Graduates English (US) English (US) Français Canadien Deutsch Español (LATAM) Join Our Talent Community The idea makers. That’s who champions The Gallagher Way. The knowledge seekers. That’s who champions The Gallagher Way. The self-motivators. That’s who champions The Gallagher Way. The opportunity seizers. That’s who champions The Gallagher Way. The sales drivers. That’s who champions The Gallagher Way. The trusted experts. That’s who champions The Gallagher Way. Your Career. Your Way. With Gallagher. As a global leader in insurance, risk management and consulting, we help businesses grow, communities thrive, and people prosper. It takes extraordinary individuals to make that happen; self-starters, idea makers, and people who believe in doing the right thing. At Gallagher, you'll build a career with purpose, shape your path, and grow with leaders who are invested in your success. EXPLORE OUR CULTURE Champion The Gallagher Way 71,000 Employees 1927 Founded 130+ countries in revenue* Why Work Here The Gallagher Way The Gallagher Way - the expectation of how business is conducted at Gallagher is just as relevant and meaningful today as it was 40 years ago. The global workforce - regardless of how tenured the employee is at Gallagher - has a shared understanding of how it conducts business and treats colleagues. It is a force that unites colleagues and lays out the expectations of onself and of each other. Growth for the Go-Getter Gallagher is not for the wallflower. It's for those who advocate for themselves and others, seize an opportunity, have an unquenchable thirst for knowledge and develop a strong case for new ideas. This drive is what makes Gallagher what it is and has fueled its exponential growth. It's a mindset that s recognized and supported - where initiative is met with opportunity, and curiosity is encouraged to go further. Here, those who take ownership of their growth find the space, support, and momentum to keep moving forward. Navigating the Future Together Gallagher thrives at the crossroads of adaptability and accessibility, fostering a vibrant workspace where ingenuity meets guidance. Our leaders are not distant figures but active mentors, who are as engaged as they are visionary ingrained in the journey of growth and stability. They are not just guiding forces but accessible partners in crafting a future of change where potential meets opportunity. READ OUR BLOG Career Paths Gallagher Sales Internship Program Work alongside experienced professionals, join client conversations, and see how business actually happens. View Jobs Learn More Client Consulting & Support We solve client's complex issues by connecting the right products, services, and solutions to their needs with thoughtful analysis and service excellence. View Jobs Sales/Production We build trusted relationships, find new business, and help put the right insurance solutions in place for clients while creating new opportunities for growth. View Jobs Client Service/Account Management We support clients by managing account needs, renewals, updates, and concerns with care, consistency, and a strong commitment to doing the right thing. View Jobs Information Technology We develop, support, and secure the technology that powers Gallagher's business, helping colleagues and clients stay connected, productive, and protected. View Jobs Claims We help people, teams, and businesses navigate adversity and loss so clients can stay focused on running their organizations. View Jobs Risk Management We reduce client's total cost of risk while protecting their workforce and brand, using thoughtful analysis to identify opportunities and support strong outcomes. View Jobs Meet Atlas, our Virtual Recruiting Assistant Your career journey starts here. Atlas can help you find opportunities that fit your experience and aspirations, answer questions about Gallagher, and guide you through the application process. Spend less time searching and more time exploring what's possible. CHAT WITH ATLAS Global reach. Local presence. We offer a wide range of career opportunities around the world. Our people help our clients face their future with confidence. Learn more about some of our largest locations. United States UK/EMEA Canada Australia India/APAC Latin America “Our colleagues are the greatest asset we have. That's why we insist on providing our employees with resources, training, and support they need to thrive as individuals and grow in their careers.” — Pat Gallagher Chairman and CEO Gallagher Heritage With almost 100 years of history, Gallagher’s ever-growing culture has always been committed to doing things one way, the right way; The Gallagher Way. Take a moment and check out our rich timeline dating back to 1927 and learn more about our employee growth and acquisitions through 2025. 1947 Gallagher grows to 8 employees 1962 Gallagher partners with Sterling Bassett to form Gallagher Bassett, Inc. 1967 Gallagher grows to 43 employees 1987 Gallagher grows to 1,623 employees 1997 Alternative Risk Transfer Exchange, or Artex is created 2005 Gallagher RE, Inc. is formed 2007 Gallagher grows to 9,102 employees 2014 Acquisition of Crombie Lockwood 2014 Acquistion of Pen Underwriting 2018 Acquistion of Pronto Insurance 2022 Gallagher grows to over 40,000 employees globally 2025 Acquisition of AssuredPartners 1927 Art Gallagher & Secretary Marge McCallen are the two sole employees BROWSE JOBS Leader in LGBTQ+Workplace Inclusion We scored 100% on the Human Rights Campaign Foundation's 2026 Corporate Equality Index for the seventh consecutive year. Bell Seal for Workplace Mental Health We earned Mental Health America's Bell Seal for Workplace Mental Health Certification at the highest level: Platinum for the fourth year in a row! Best Places to Work for Disability Inclusion We earned a top score on Disability:IN’s Disability Index® Stay Connected Sign up for our talent community to learn more about opportunities at Gallagher. JOIN NOW See jobs by: Categories Locations Equal Opportunity Employer Equal Opportunity Employer Gallagher believes that all persons are entitled to equal employment opportunity and prohibits any form of discrimination by its managers, employees, vendors or customers based on race, color, religion, creed, gender (including pregnancy status), sexual orientation, gender identity (which includes transgender and other gender non-conforming individuals), gender expression, hair expression, marital status, parental status, age, national origin, ancestry, disability, medical condition, genetic information, veteran or military status, citizenship status, or any other characteristic protected (herein referred to as “protected characteristics”) by applicable federal, state, or local laws. Equal employment opportunity will be extended in all aspects of the employer-employee relationship, including, but not limited to, recruitment, hiring, training, promotion, transfer, demotion, compensation, benefits, layoff, and termination. In addition, Gallagher will make reasonable accommodations to known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified person with a disability, unless the accommodation would impose an undue hardship on the operation of our business. Third Party Recruiters Third Party Recruiters Search firms, consulting firms, or individuals who submit unsolicited resumes acknowledge that those resumes are available for Gallagher's consideration without any obligation to pay finder/referral fees. Gallagher, or any of its subsidiaries, will only pay a fee for a successful candidate placement when there is an agreement in place with the providing entity and the candidate submission complies with the regional guidelines for such submissions. Avoid Phishing Scams Avoid Phishing Scams Gallagher never extends an offer of employment or requests any personal identification information without having received an online application and conducted one or more in-person or video interviews. We also do not use Skype, Zoom, Telegram or Gmail as part of our hiring process. If you have received any communication referencing the offer of a job at Gallagher and you have not submitted an online application or been interviewed by a Gallagher employee, please do not assume that the offer is being sent from a legitimate Gallagher representative. The Federal Trade Commission, the United States’ consumer protection agency, has published resources for detecting job scams. If you have concerns related to this issue, consider the following actions: 1) file a report with your local police department; 2) file a complaint with the Internet Crime Complaint Center ; and/or 3) file a complaint with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission . Browse Jobs Join our Talent Community Client Consulting & Support Sales/Production Client Service/Account Management Claims Risk Management Find Jobs Regions US UK & EMEA Caribbean & Bermuda LATAM Canada Australia India Life At Gallagher Culture Employee Stories Inclusion and Diversity Early Career Internships Recent Graduates Resource We Are Gallagher The Gallagher Way Application Privacy Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information - US Residents Need reasonable accommodations to complete any part of our application process, including the use of this website? Email us: Careers@ajg.com © 2026 Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. Find us on social media