Communications, Media, And Technology | Oliver Wyman Skip to main content We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand Learn More search Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search Highlights Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search search Highlights menu close Communications, Media, And Technology // . // Industries // Communications, Media, And Technology What We Do What We Think Breakthroughs Solutions Who We Are What We Do Our Communications, Media, and Technology teams work globally to augment our clients’ expertise and capabilities. Our focus is on helping clients compete smartly, serve customers better and more profitably, operate faster and at a lower cost, invest more rationally, and innovate with a business purpose. We are independent thinkers who challenge prevailing views, but are committed to working hands-on as part of clients’ teams. Our Focus Areas Communications The telecom sector is caught in a paradox, and we’re here to help. Media The digital revolution is shaking the media industry to its very core — and we are helping to shape its new form. Technology The diverse tech industry cuts across, software vendors, IT services providers, hardware makers, and internet- services providers. Sports And Entertainment As trusted advisors in the sports and entertainment sector, we support media, clubs, leagues, and federations globally, creating long-term commercial value. What We Think Load More We are sorry, we could not find any results. Please refine your search and try again. Who We Are Load More We are sorry, we could not find any results. Please refine your search and try again. Footer XF Risk and insurance Reinsurance and capital People and investments Management consulting We're a global professional service firm bringing together capabilities across risk, reinsurance and capital, people and investments, and management consulting — building the confidence to thrive through the power of perspective. Terms Of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Statement On Accessibility Manage Cookies © 2026 Oliver Wyman, LLC. All Rights Reserved.