Skip to main contentWe use cookies to help provide you with the best possible experience. By using this site, you agree that we may store cookies on your device.Find out more hereDeclineAccept CookiesSign InCommercial Banking - Relationship Management - Internship page is loadedCommercial Banking - Relationship Management - InternshipApplylocationsLondontime typeFull timeposted onPosted Todayjob requisition idR-00285737Why Commercial Banking – Relationship Management? Commercial Banking at NatWest Group is about being the trusted partner behind the UK's businesses, supporting organisations from ambitious start-ups to established companies as they start, scale and succeed. We combine local relationships, industry expertise and innovative banking solutions to help customers achieve their goals and navigate change with confidence. By understanding our customers and building meaningful relationships, we help businesses unlock growth, create opportunities and contribute to their communities and the wider economy. Your internship journey We’ve designed our Commercial Banking – Relationship Management summer internship to give you a real insight into what it's like to work with us. You'll gain hands-on experience, develop valuable professional skills, work alongside experienced colleagues and discover how relationship management helps businesses achieve their ambitions. Over the course of this eight-week programme, you can look forward to: Learning about our culture, values and goals Building your professional network with colleagues from across Commercial Banking Developing an understanding of relationship management and how we support business customers Working alongside experienced colleagues and getting involved in day-to-day activities Completing a project alongside other interns on a real business topic Developing your communication, collaboration and relationship-building skills Strengthening your analytical thinking and problem-solving capabilities Exploring how digital tools, data and AI are helping shape the future of banking At the end of the placement, we'll assess you on what you've learned. Complete this successfully and you could be offered a place on our 2028 Commercial Banking – Relationship Management graduate programme, where you can continue building your skills and take the next step in your career. How You'll Benefit We'll reward you with a starting salary of £30,330 pro rata. Plus, you can expect to: Learn from industry experts and immediately apply your learnings Test and learn new approaches in a safe, inclusive environment Start building a professional network Grow your confidence, build your resilience and elevate your presence Experience first-hand what it's like working in a purpose-led organisation Entry Requirements To be eligible for our Commercial Banking – Relationship Management summer internship, you'll need: To be in your penultimate year of university To be on course to achieve a 2:1 degree classification A genuine curiosity about businesses and how they succeed Strong analytical and problem-solving skills To enjoy collaborating with others and working as part of a team Good communication and relationship-building skills A proactive and resourceful approach to your work Good attention to detail Ready to apply? The application window for this programme will be open until we receive enough applications to fill our cohort. When that happens, we'll close the programme to new applications. It's important to take the time to make sure you're making the right decision about the programme you want to apply for (you can only apply for one programme) but please complete your application as soon as you can to make sure you don't miss out. Have another question? Head over to our ‘Applying and eligibility support’ page now for answers to some of our most commonly asked questions.Hours35Job Posting Closing Date:Job Posting Closing Date is not yet published.Ways of Working:Hybrid