Welcome to Lloyd’s Lab - Lloyd's Skip to main content Back to Menu About Lloyd's Market resources Insights Contact Investors Careers Locations Log in About Lloyd's About Lloyd's Lloyd’s is the only insurance marketplace of its kind in the world. We bring together the world’s leading risk takers to advance global progress. Explore Lloyd's In the spotlight Our company Our people Our impact Investor relations Policyholders In the spotlight Half Year Results 2026 We have announced our Half Year Results for 2026. The Lloyd’s market delivered a solid first half performance, with gross written premium of £34.7bn and a combined ratio of 90.8%. View the results Join the Lloyd’s market Join the best minds in the industry. Access the expertise, knowledge and insights to protect and develop your business. How to join the market Our company Understanding the Lloyd's market Our strategy Our history The Lloyd's building Corporation governance Join the Lloyd's market Our people Careers Culture Our impact Sustainability Community involvement Investor relations Overview Financial results Non-financial reporting Our ratings Capital structure Syndicate reports and accounts Capital Markets Day Policyholders Policyholders Market resources Market resources Find and access the information, tools and resources you need when working in or with the Lloyd’s market. View all market resources Our featured resources Market communications Oversight Reporting Regulatory Market Directory Services Tools Our featured resources Requirements of the Lloyd's Council The rules which govern the Lloyd's market including byelaws and other requirements. View the requirements Crystal+ Crystal+ provides Lloyd’s market participants with quick and easy access to global regulatory, compliance and tax information, supporting our market in writing globally compliant business. Learn more about Crystal+ Latest market bulletins Market Bulletins are the formal means of Lloyd’s informing the market of business critical issues. View market bulletins Market communications Market bulletins Regulatory Communications Corporate notices Oversight Market oversight Delegated Authority Capital and reserving Underwriting Capital and Planning Group Claims Customer oversight Reporting Business Timetable Syndicate accounts and financial reporting Future of reporting Regulatory Regulatory Information Tax information Requirements for participating in the Lloyd's market Market Directory Market Directory Brokers Coverholders Managing agents Members' agents and advisors Open market correspondent Associations Services Multinational business at Lloyd's Member Services Learning at Lloyd's Culture resources Investment Complaints Lloyd's Agency Network Salvage Arbitration Branch Building facilities Tools All tools Insights Hub Crystal+ Delegated Authority tools Insights Insights Stay on top of all the latest news impacting the insurance marketplace and understand the innovations, trends and insights impacting the risk landscape. View all insights Featured insights News Risk Insights Innovation Education Featured insights Lloyd's Lab - the heart of innovation for insurance An award winning space dedicated to accelerating and fostering new products and solutions fit for the needs of our customers around the world. Explore Lloyd's Lab Lloyd's Academy The industry-leading commercial education platform for risk professionals to deepen their knowledge, strengthen their network, and leverage the unrivalled power and solutions of the Lloyd’s market. Discover more about Lloyd's Academy News News Events Media centre Risk Insights Risk reports Innovation Lloyd's Lab Education Lloyd's Academy Contact Investors Careers Locations Log in Search Lloyd's Welcome to Lloyd’s Lab Our mission statement About the Lloyd's Lab Our guide for InsurTech Start-ups Home Insights Lloyd's Lab Our mission statement The Lloyd’s Lab is the heart of innovation for Insurance. As the UK’s #1 Finance Hub, we accelerate new products and solutions for customers worldwide. Established in 2018, we foster ideas which support our market’s shared goal of sharing risk to create a braver world. Our InsurTech Accelerator helps innovative ideas gain traction in our market. Located in the heart of the world’s specialist insurance market, the Lloyd’s Lab offers InsurTechs coworking space in our iconic building and direct access to their target audience. Find out more about this and our other initiatives by following the links below. About the Lloyd's Lab Programmes & innovation tools Explore our diverse range of programmes, including our Accelerator, Lab Explore and our Lab Discovery programme. Find out more Accelerator alumni Meet the teams who have participated in the Lloyd's Lab accelerator. Find out more Events Throughout the year Lloyd’s Lab will host a range of events for the Lloyd’s market. Find out more FAQs The most commonly asked questions. View FAQs Our guide for InsurTech Start-ups At the Lloyd’s Lab, we appreciate that the complexities involved in getting off the ground as a start-up, are often hard to navigate, and therefore, we wanted to create a valuable resource, to guide you through these challenges. ‘Getting off the ground’ is our advice guide for start-ups, InsurTechs and founders, to support you alongside your journey in taking your innovative ideas, from seed to solution. Download the guide Get in touch Want to keep up to date with Lloyd’s Lab news, insights and events? Sign up for our newsletter below. If you need support innovating, send us an email. Sign up for newsletter Email us Subscribe for the latest updates Market Bulletins Tax news and updates Support Contact us FAQs Glossary & acronyms Accessibility Useful organisations Market resources Market Directory Crystal+ All market resources Legal Privacy Cookies Terms and conditions Modern Slavery Act Statement Subscribe for the latest updates Market Bulletins Tax news and updates Support Contact us FAQs Glossary & acronyms Accessibility Useful organisations Market resources Market Directory Crystal+ All market resources Legal Privacy Cookies Terms and conditions Modern Slavery Act Statement Follow us © Lloyd’s 2026. Lloyd’s and Corporation of Lloyd’s are registered trademarks of the Society of Lloyd’s. Lloyd’s is authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000.