Job Application for Financial Promotions Manager at Monzo Back to jobs Financial Promotions Manager London; Remote (UK) Apply 🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ 📍London//UK Remote | 💰£71,400 - £96,000 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance + Benefits ✨ You will join a small team that focuses on reviewing Financial Promotions and will use your knowledge of FinProm regulations, and broader advertising requirements to ensure that our teams requirements to ensure that our teams can ship best in class financial promotions quickly, compliantly and aligned with Monzo’s tone of voice. You will focus on making sure Monzo’s marketing materials are compliant with FCA and ASA rules and regulations, and make sure the approvals process is running smoothly. You will develop training materials for new product launches, and keep up with developments in the financial promotions regulatory space so you can share your knowledge & expertise across Monzo ensuring compliance is a top priority. ⭐ About the Team This role sits within our Marketing function and works closely with our product teams to support and protect Monzo’s customer growth, brand and reputation. 🔑 You’ll play a key role by… Overseeing the review and approval of financial promotions across Monzo’s product suite to make sure they are compliant with FCA and ASA rules and regulations Reviewing and approving claims about Monzo’s products to make sure they are clear, fair, and not misleading and adequately substantiated. Being responsible for following Monzo’s financial promotions internal processes. Identifying improvements in the financial promotions and claims approval processes to make them more efficient. Creating training materials for financial promotions relating to new product launches Keeping existing materials up to date with regulatory developments in the financial promotions space. 🤩 We’d love to hear from you if… You have worked in the FCA, a UK bank, fintech or insurer and have been responsible for reviewing financial promotions to make sure they are compliant with relevant rules and regulations. You have in-depth knowledge and hands-on regulatory experience on financial promotions rules relevant to borrowing (loans, overdrafts, mortgages, buy-now-pay-later) and/or investments and/or insurance products. You have excellent attention to detail and can manage multiple competing deadlines. You like finding novel solutions to problems and enjoy constantly learning. You’re resilient, adaptable and comfortable working in a fast paced and ambiguous environment where the day to day job is constantly evolving and changing. Please note : We're keen for this role to start as soon as possible - notice periods of 4 weeks or less will be prioritised at this time 🙏 🙌 What’s in it for you 💰 £71,400 - £96,000 ➕Incentive Awards tied to your performance. 📍This role can be based in our London office, but we're open to distributed working within the UK (with ad hoc meetings in London) ⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team. 📚 £1,000 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences. 🏡 We will set you up to work from home; all employees are given Macbooks and for fully remote workers we will provide extra support for your work-from-home setup. ➕ Plus lots more! Read our full list of benefits . 🌈 The application journey has 3 key steps Quick call with a Monzo Recruiter Video-call with the Hiring Manager (30 mins) Full-Loop Interviews: 1 x Role Specific + 1 x Behavioural This process should take around 3-4 weeks - your schedule is really important to us, so we promise to be as flexible as possible! We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo. You can read them here. ⏳We’ll only close this role once we have enough applications for the next stage. Please submit your application as soon as possible to make sure you don’t miss out. #LI-REMOTE #LI-CM1 Equal opportunities for everyone Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our blog , 2026 Diversity and Inclusion Report and 2025 Gender Pay Gap Report. We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status. If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊 Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Tell us about a multi-channel campaign you approved, explaining which products it featured, the channels used, and the main regulatory challenge you had to navigate across those formats. * Are you available to start in 4 weeks or less? * Select... 🇺🇸 Are you a US Person? * Select... A US Person is defined as someone who: was born in the United States (US) has at least 1 parent who was born in the US is a naturalised citizen of the US is a green card holder is a US tax resident 🔐 Keeping your data safe is really important to us. Please take a look at our Candidate Data Privacy Notice (linked below) and confirm that you have. * Select... 🔗 Candidate Data Privacy Notice . If you’d like to, please share your preferred pronouns (eg. they/them/theirs, she/her/hers). If you'd like to, please spell out your name how it's pronounced so we know how to say it. 🛂 Please confirm your Right to Work status in the location where this job is advertised. * Select... We legally have to verify that you have the right to work in the location where you'd be working from. Your answer to this question won't affect the outcome of your application, unless you'd need visa sponsorship but are applying to a role we don't sponsor. 👤 Identity survey Our goal at Monzo is to make money work for everyone. To do that, working at Monzo must work for everyone. We want to create an equitable, engaged and innovative workplace which gives people from all backgrounds the support they need to thrive and grow. Making Monzo work for everyone starts right at the beginning of every Monzonaut's journey: when they apply to work here. This demographic survey will help us better understand the people who apply to work at Monzo. It'll help us see how different groups progress through our hiring process, and where we need to make improvements to be more inclusive. If you choose to fill it out, all of the information you give us is: Voluntary . And we've included a "prefer not to say" option for every question. It'd be helpful if you still fill out the survey even if you choose "prefer not to say" for every question, as it's useful for us to understand & record this. We won't know if you choose to fill this survey in or not. Anonymous to Monzo . We can't tie your responses to you and they won't make a difference to the outcome of your application. We'll only use grouped responses for equal opportunities monitoring in our hiring process. For more information on how we'll use this data, please read our candidate privacy notice . By filling out this survey, you agree that we can use your responses for the purposes we've mentioned above. You are not letting us know if we need to make any adjustments to the hiring process because of disability or neurodiversity - to do this please email us. How would you describe your gender identity? Select... Do you identify as transgender? Select... What's your sexual orientation? Select... Do you identify as having a disability? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodivergent? Select... How would your describe your ethnicity? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse