2027 Finance Summer Analyst Programme (Glasgow) - Morgan Stanley Campus We and our partners use cookies and similar tools (“Cookies”) as necessary to provide digital services and for additional “Optional” purposes, such as for analytics, performance, functionality (such as search functionality), and marketing purposes (including targeted advertising). Please click “Accept Optional Cookies” to consent to Optional Cookies, “Reject Optional Cookies” to disable Optional Cookies. For more information, please review our Cookie Policy . Accept Optional Cookies I accept the cookie policy Reject Optional Cookies I would like to opt out of cookies Read more about our cookie policy Skip to content Login Register Toggle navigation Home Global Programs Campus Events Help Center 2027 Finance Summer Analyst Programme (Glasgow) City Glasgow Education Level Bachelor's Degree Business Unit Finance Job description Finance Summer Analyst Program (Glasgow) Since 1935, Morgan Stanley is known as a global leader in financial services, continuously evolving and innovating to better serve our clients and our communities in more than 40 countries around the world. Throughout the firm’s history, diverse and talented individuals have worked together to develop our new ideas and ground-breaking financial products for the benefit of clients. The Finance Division reports to Morgan Stanley’s Chief Financial Officer. It is the guardian of the firm’s books and records, and serves as an advisor to Morgan Stanley’s various businesses and senior management team. In addition, the Division is a major contributor to reducing and managing risk across the firm. As the firm’s financial watchdog, Finance crunches the numbers. But it does more than just keep an eye on the books. Team members meet regularly and build relationships with the firm’s industry and government regulators, provide information to the outside business community, and give the firm’s management and divisions the planning assistance and reliable financial information they can use to advance the firm’s goals. The Summer Analyst Programme is 13 weeks long and provides classroom and on-the-job training as well as valuable work experience. Recruits will be working alongside experienced colleagues on real projects and will gain exposure to all levels of professionals within the respective division. You will receive regular mentoring and coaching, as well as regular evaluation reviews to ensure your career is on track throughout your time with us and you continue to be developed along the way. Summer Analysts who excel may receive an offer to join the Full-Time Finance Analyst Training Program. The programme also offers the opportunity for automatic entry onto the Finance professional qualifications supported study programme. Students will be supported through the ACCA programme where they can become a qualified accountant in three years or less (exemptions depending). The Program begins with a Firmwide induction with peers from other divisions. This is followed by two days of classroom-based training covering product and industry knowledge, personal effectiveness, technical training and team-building activities. Summer Analysts also receive considerable on-the-job training, a series of “Lunch & Learns,” networking events and work-shadowing opportunities. Are you comfortable with both people and numbers? We want to hear from you. We are looking for people with good leadership and communication skills as well as advanced technical and quantitative capabilities to join our team. As a Summer Analyst, your responsibilities may include: • Calculating the daily profit and loss (P&L) tallies of traders. • Writing market commentaries for management reports. • Conducting re-engineering projects to review and enhance processes. • Using analytical tools to determine current and potential exposure to risk. • Preparing monthly financial and management reports. Qualifications/Skills/Requirements: • You are a penultimate-year undergraduate student with outstanding academic achievements and are on track for a 2.1 honours degree or equivalent. • You are a team player and excellent communicator. • You have advanced technical, quantitative and project management skills. • You are able to multi-task with close attention to detail. • You are client-service oriented. We recruit on an on-going basis so early application is encouraged. What you can expect from Morgan Stanley At Morgan Stanley, we raise, manage and allocate capital for our clients – helping them reach their goals. We do it in a way that’s differentiated – and we’ve done that for 90 years. Our values - putting clients first, doing the right thing, leading with exceptional ideas, committing to diversity and inclusion, and giving back - aren’t just beliefs, they guide the decisions we make every day to do what's best for our clients, communities and more than 80,000 employees in 1,200 offices across 42 countries. At Morgan Stanley, you’ll find an opportunity to work alongside the best and the brightest, in an environment where you are supported and empowered. Our teams are relentless collaborators and creative thinkers, fueled by their diverse backgrounds and experiences. We are proud to support our employees and their families at every point along their work-life journey, offering some of the most attractive and comprehensive employee benefits and perks in the industry. There’s also ample opportunity to move about the business for those who show passion and grit in their work. To learn more about our offices across the globe, please copy and paste https://www.morganstanley.com/about-us/global-offices into your browser. Morgan Stanley is an equal opportunity employer committed to building and maintaining a workforce that is diverse in experience and background. Our recruiting efforts reflect our strong commitment to a culture of inclusion, where individuals are hired, developed, and advanced based on their skills and talents. Our workforce reflects a broad cross-section of the global communities in which we operate, bringing a variety of backgrounds, talents, perspectives, and experiences. For more information, please visit: https://www.morganstanley.com/people-opportunities/eeo . Job Level Summer Analyst Program Summer Analyst View cookie / data protection and privacy policy twitter linkedin youtube Disclosures Investor Relations Corporate Governance Newsroom Careers © 2026 Morgan Stanley. All rights reserved. Your Privacy Choices Terms of Use Contact Us Global Offices Equal Employment Opportunity