 Ace Moelis & Company Internship Test | 2026 Practice AI CV AI Interview Log in Browse Tests Browse Tests Browse Tests Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Test Free Abstract Reasoning Test Free Psychometric Test Free Numerical Reasoning Test Free Numerical SHL Test Free Critical Thinking Test Free Personality Test Free Pilot Aptitude Test Free Verbal Reasoning Test Free Spatial Reasoning Test Tests Providers Tests Providers SHL Watson Glaser Cut-e/Aon Saville Arctic Shores Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Sova Pymetrics TestGorilla Hogan CCAT & UCAT Best Seller Products Best Seller Products Banking Summer Internship Watson Glaser Public Health Specialists SHL Arctic Shores Cut-e/Aon Saville Executive Aptitude Tests Banking Spring Internships Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Qantas Pilots Psychometric Test Thomas GIA Raven's Progressive Matrices McKinsey Problem Solving (Imbellus) Personality & Behavioural Personality & Behavioural Situational Judgement Test Thomas GIA Saville Aptitude Test Cubiks Test OPQ32 Adept-15 Korn Ferry Leadership Potential Predictive Index (PI) McQuaig Word Survey Myers Briggs Other Popular Assessments Other Popular Assessments Emirates Cabin Crew Test UBS Assessment BKSB Test Ravens Progressive Matrices Saville Aptitude Test Amazon Assessment SHL Excel Questions Video Interview Prep Arctic Shores Premium Membership AI CV AI Interview About Us Log in AI CV AI Interview My PrepPacks™ Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Test Free Abstract Reasoning Test Free Psychometric Test Free Numerical Reasoning Test Free Numerical SHL Test Free Critical Thinking Test Free Personality Test Free Pilot Aptitude Test Free Verbal Reasoning Test Free Spatial Reasoning Test Tests Providers Tests Providers SHL Watson Glaser Cut-e/Aon Saville Arctic Shores Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Sova Pymetrics TestGorilla Hogan CCAT & UCAT Best Seller Products Best Seller Products Banking Summer Internship Watson Glaser Public Health Specialists SHL Arctic Shores Cut-e/Aon Saville Executive Aptitude Tests Banking Spring Internships Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Qantas Pilots Psychometric Test Thomas GIA Raven's Progressive Matrices McKinsey Problem Solving (Imbellus) Personality & Behavioural Personality & Behavioural Situational Judgement Test Thomas GIA Saville Aptitude Test Cubiks Test OPQ32 Adept-15 Korn Ferry Leadership Potential Predictive Index (PI) McQuaig Word Survey Myers Briggs Other Popular Assessments Other Popular Assessments Emirates Cabin Crew Test UBS Assessment BKSB Test Ravens Progressive Matrices Saville Aptitude Test Amazon Assessment SHL Excel Questions Video Interview Prep Arctic Shores Premium Membership Homepage Banking Tests Moelis & Co Summer Internship Homepage Banking Tests Moelis & Co Summer Internship Ace Moelis & Company Internship Test - 2026 Practice Ace Moelis & Company Internship Test - 2026 Practice 4.8 150 Reviews Moelis & Co is one of the most prestigious investment banking advisory firms . Headquarters in New York City, their reach extends across 23 locations strategically positioned throughout the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Asia, and Australia, with over 1000 employees, including some of the most experienced managing directors and bankers. Moelis & Co. offers a Summer Internship Program that provides you with a hands-on learning experience and launch your career in the finance world. Our Moelis Internship PrepPack mimics the test format you will face in the actual assessment, offering you the best possible preparation. You can practice for this assessment and for an additional 25+ other UK-leading banks with our Banking Summer Internship PrepPack ! Moelis & Co Summer Internship 4.8 150 Reviews Moelis 1 Month Summer Internship 1 Month Summer Internship 3 Months One-Time Payment 1 Month Access Realistic practice tests & study guides Created by experts with a focus on accuracy Full prep for Moelis + the following banks: J.P. Morgan Barclays HSBC Morgan Stanley Deutsche Bank UBS BNP Paribas Fidelity Nomura Jefferies RBC Capital Markets Goldman Sachs Bank of America Citi Santander Schroders Citadel Macquarie Group Standard Chartered Houlihan Lokey Wells Fargo PJT Partners BDO Global Crédit Agricole Rothschild & Co. Blackstone Lazard BlackRock Lloyds Also Available: 6 Months Access ( see here ) Note: This product cannot be included in the Premium Membership Show More Money Back Guarantee Hadassah, Cognitive Test Developer at JobTestPrep I am Hadassah Goldberg, a Cognitive Test Developer at JobTestPrep, holding a BSc in Neuroscience and Cognition Studies with a minor in Philosophy. With extensive experience in education and content development, I specialize in providing expert insights and strategies for various assessments. I am also responsible for creating test questions and instructional videos for our PrepPacks, ensuring that each resource supports learners in achieving their full potential. Have a question? Contact me at: ask_the_team@jobtestprep.co.uk Who Is Moelis & Company? Moelis & Co. is a global investment bank established in 2007. They go beyond simply being an investment bank. They offer a comprehensive suite of financial services, specializing in: Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A): Moelis & Co. is a trusted advisor for companies navigating complex mergers, acquisitions, and divestitures. Capital Raising: Whether a company needs debt or equity financing, Moelis & Co's experienced professionals assist their customers in navigating the capital markets and secure the best possible terms. Strategic Advice: Moelis & Co goes beyond just transactions. They provide insightful strategic advice on a wide range of issues, from restructuring to shareholder activism. Their team helps clients make informed decisions that maximize long-term value. What Is the Moelis & Company Internship Moelis & Co. offers a competitive Investment Banking Summer Analyst internship. It is a 10-week program where you will be involved in various deal activities across industries, working alongside experienced professionals on real-world transactions. Moelis & Company Internship Assessment To be considered for the Moelis Internship, you must complete the two-part online assessment, evaluating your data analysis and information comprehension . The test is a crucial part of the application process and a great opportunity to stand out from other candidates. Let's have a look at the different parts you will face in the assessment for the Moelis & Company internship: Verbal Reasoning Numerical Reasoning The verbal reasoning section will test your ability to evaluate, reason, and conceptualize written language. You will have 15 minutes to read 5 passages, each one with 4 questions. Each question will have 5 possible answers: Definitely true Probably true Insufficient Information Probably false Definitely false Read the passages and attempt to answer the following questions: Even though the minimum age for obtaining a driving license has increased in recent years a substantial increase in car sales over the corresponding years has resulted in a staggering rise in fatal car accident numbers. As the latest figures show, fatal car accidents are especially prevalent among young drivers who have less than five years of driving experience. Last winter 50 percent of all fatal road accidents involved drivers with up to five years driving experience and an additional 15 percent were drivers who had between six to eight years of experience. The interim figures of the current year show that the massive advertisement campaign 'fighting accidents' has resulted in some improvements but the truth is that the number of younger drivers involved in fatal accidents is intolerably high. Question 1 Fatal car accidents are more prevalent amongst young drivers with six to eight years of experience than older drivers with similar experience. Definitely true Probably true Insufficient Information Probably false Definitely false Answer The correct answer is Insufficient Information According to the passage, 'Last winter 50% of all fatal road accidents involved drivers with up to 5 years driving experience and an additional 15% were drivers who had between 6 to 8 years of experience. This piece of data only mentions experience, not age. Although the main idea of the passage is that younger drivers are generally more likely to be involved in fatal car accidents, we cannot assume all relatively inexperienced drivers are young. We do not know how many of those 15% with 6 to 8 years of experience are younger drivers and how many are older drivers. As this comparison is impossible to make based on the information provided in the passage, the answer is cannot say. Question 2 The advertising campaign called 'fighting accidents' has failed to reduce the number of car accidents. Definitely true Probably true Insufficient Information Probably false Definitely false Answer The correct answer is Probably False. According to the text, the advertising campaign 'fighting accidents' resulted in some improvement. This means that to some degree, it succeeded in reducing the number of car accidents. 💡 Tip: When dealing with these types of questions, try reading the passage twice. The first time to grasp the main idea, and the second time to focus on answering the specific question. This section of the Moelis Internship examines your ability to understand, interpret, and logically evaluate numerical information , including reading graphs and tables. You will need a calculator, pen and paper to answer. You will have 15 minutes to solve 5 question sets . Each set includes 3 questions , and you will have 3 minutes to answer them before the test automatically skips to the next set. Analyze the following graph to answer the question. What proportion of both sites' April and May traffic was for Cuisine.net? A. 29.7% B. 31.3% C. 34.2% D. 35.7% E. 38.1% Answer The correct answer is E. 38.1% To calculate this, we add up the total page views of cuisine.net for April and May and divide this amount by the total hits of both sites for the same period. Therefore, the calculation would be: 💡 Tip: While working with percentages, make sure you know which group is your whole. Are you calculating percentages out of the total amount, or out of a specific category? Applying to Multiple Positions? See our bundle PrepPacks: Summer Internship | Spring Week | Big 4 Preparing for the Hire-Vue Interview ? Record your interview responses and get detailed feedback from our occupational psychologists. Moelis & Co Application Process Moelis & Company seeks bright, motivated individuals with a strong academic background, analytical skills, and a genuine interest in investment banking. To be considered for the Moelis Summer Internship program, you'll need to complete the following steps: Submit a compelling application through the Moelis & Co. career portal. This will include your resume, cover letter, and academic information. Pass the online assessment. Go through an interview round where you will showcase your skills and passion for the field. FAQs Is Moelis and Company a Good Company? Moelis & Co. is a prestigious investment bank known for advising on major mergers and acquisitions (M&A) and other strategic corporate deals worldwide. If you are looking for the experience of working for a boutique bank, they are the perfect option for you. What is Special About Moelis and Company? Moelis & Co is your chance to land high compensation and build a career with internal promotions. They value teamwork and respect your time. As a boutique firm, you'll have a bigger impact on global deals and gain experience at a prestigious financial player. Do Moelis and Co have a Summer Internship? Yes, Moelis & Co offer a summer internship. Be fully prepared with our comprehensive, up-to-date Summer Internship PrepPack and be ready for your application for the summer internship. ﻿ Customer reviews 4.8 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Based on 150 reviews 5★ 129 4★ 20 3★ 1 2★ 0 1★ 0 Abstract user icon Moritz F. Verified Buyer ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Great job! Really enjoyed it, specifically the situational stuff Published date: 9/16/2026 Abstract user icon Charles B. Verified Buyer ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Really helped me prep. . . Really helped me prep. . . Published date: 9/10/2026 Abstract user icon David P. Verified Buyer ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ great Yes Published date: 9/10/2026 Abstract user icon Marianna C. Verified Buyer ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Tests were the same as on the online assessment Great for practice, recommend it if you are applying! Published date: 9/9/2026 Abstract user icon Jessica F. ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ yes yes Published date: 9/8/2026 1 2 3 4 5 ... 30 🔍Taking Multiple Finance Tests? HSBC | UBS | Bain & Co | Macquarie | Morgan Stanley | EIB | Deloitte | Deutsche Bank | Barclays | KPMG | PWC | Lazard | EY | Nomura | BCG | BNP Paribas | Jefferies | Moelis & Co | RBC | BoA | AlixPartner s | Fidelity | Lloyds | PJT Partners | NatWest | BNY Mellon | Job Simulation | Pre-recorded Video Interview | HireVue Interview Bundles: Summer Internship | Spring Week | MBB - Big 3 | Big 4 Free Practice Test We at JobTestPrep find the assessment tests world highly diverse and fascinating. If you are looking to deepen your knowledge in the aptitude tests world, or you want some extra practice before your test, we've got you covered! Check out these fantastic free practice tests (all are completely free): Free Aptitude Test | Free Psychometric Test | Free Numerical Reasoning Test | Free Verbal Reasoning Test | Free Cognitive Test | Free Critical Thinking Test | Free Abstract Reasoning Test | Free Spatial Reasoning Test | Free Personality Test | Free Inductive Test | Free Mechanical Reasoning Test Get Started Now Money Back Guarantee JobTestPrep JobTestPrep Since 1992, JobTestPrep has stood for true-to-original online test and assessment centre preparation. Our decades of experience make us a leading international provider of test training. Over one million customers have already used our products to prepare professionally for their recruitment tests. Our Websites Our Websites Arabic Site Denmark Germany Netherlands Norway Sweden United States TestPrep-Online Company Company About Us Meet the Team Privacy Contact Us Blog Answers from Experts Help Help Contact Us Terms & Conditions Refund Policy Partnerships Partnerships Affiliate Programme Recruiters Higher Education Copyright © 2026 JobTestPrep. All Rights Reserved.