Relationship Management - Private Bank - Internship Job Details | HSBC Global Services Limited We use cookies to offer you the best possible website experience. Your cookie preferences will be stored in your browser’s local storage. This includes cookies necessary for the website's operation. Additionally, you can freely decide and change any time whether you accept cookies or choose to opt out of cookies to improve the website's performance, as well as cookies used to display content tailored to your interests. Your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer may be impacted if you do not accept all cookies. Modify Cookie Preferences Reject All Cookies Accept All Cookies Skip to main content Language English (United Kingdom) Español (México) Français (France) 简体中文 (中国大陆) Login/Profile | Employee Login Language English (United Kingdom) Español (México) Français (France) 简体中文 (中国大陆) Login/Profile | Employee Login Home Careers at HSBC Early Careers Careers Contacts Explore Careers Login/Profile | Employee Login Apply now » Relationship Management - Private Bank - Internship Location: Singapore, SG, 018983 Programme Type: Internship Programme Start Date and Duration: Mon May 31, 2027; 10 Weeks Opening Date: Thu Sep 03, 2026 Closing Date: Sat Oct 31, 2026 Area of Interest: Relationship Management Business Area: International Wealth and Premier Banking Short Description: Help clients grow, manage wealth and achieve ambitions through trusted relationships. About the business area Our Private Bank delivers world-class solutions to high-net-worth clients seeking to grow, protect, preserve or transfer their wealth. Who you are You’re a team player who’s curious about the world of private banking and eager to learn how client relationships and financial solutions work in real life. You don’t need financial experience – just a positive attitude, adaptability, an interest in financial services and a willingness to dive in. A great candidate for the role will: Enjoy collaborating with others to solve challenges. Be open-minded and quick to pick up new knowledge, finding ways to put it into practice. Communicate clearly, making complex ideas easy to understand. Stay calm and adaptable when plans change or challenges arise. Value building strong relationships with others. What you’ll do During your internship, you’ll rotate across teams and get hands-on experience in private banking. You’ll: Support Relationship Managers, Investment Counsellors, or Credit Advisers in their daily work. Build knowledge of asset classes, financial products, and credit offerings. Learn the basics of lending, credit solutions, advisory services, and loan structuring. Understand how to manage and review client portfolios. See how strong client relationships are developed and maintained. What you’ll learn From your first week, you’ll be involved in real client projects and team activities that give you a genuine taste of life in private banking. One week of structured training in both technical and behavioural skills, plus ongoing on-the-job learning. A fast-paced, collaborative environment where attention to detail and curiosity will enable you to thrive. Learn how to work confidently with senior professionals and clients. Eligibility Criteria To be eligible, you must: Be available to work full time for 10 weeks commencing May 2027 Have obtained, or expect to achieve, a minimum GPA of 4.0/5.0 or 3.2/4.0 (or overseas equivalent, as shown on your official university transcript/degree certificate) Expected to graduate between November 2027 and July 2028 We only accept one application per recruitment cycle so please take time to explore our opportunities before applying as we may not be able to transfer your application to other vacancies. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis and we may close this vacancy earlier than the advertised closing date if we receive a high volume of applications. Please apply as soon as possible to be considered. Apply now » Find similar jobs: Accessibility Cookie Consent Manager Privacy Statement Online Security Terms and Conditions Opens in a new tab. Opens in a new tab. Opens in a new tab. Opens in a new tab. × Cookie Consent Manager When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Required Cookies These cookies are required to use this website and can't be turned off. Required Cookies Show More Details Required Cookies Provider Description Enabled SAP as service provider We use the following session cookies, which are all required to enable the website to function: "route" is used for session stickiness "careerSiteCompanyId" is used to send the request to the correct data centre "JSESSIONID" is placed on the visitor's device during the session so the server can identify the visitor "Load balancer cookie" (actual cookie name may vary) prevents a visitor from bouncing from one instance to another Cookies from provider SAPasserviceprovider are required and cannot be turned off Confirm My Choices Reject All Cookies Accept All Cookies