Do you need immigration authorisation to work in the UK? | Early Careers | PwC UK Careers Skip to content Skip to footer Early careers Experienced careers Flexible or contractor careers Working at PwC Our people, their stories. More Search Menu Early careers Early careers Applying and FAQs Employability hub Entry level Graduate Our events Our job search Training and development Undergraduate Menu Early careers Applying and FAQs Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessment and selection process Do you need immigration authorisation to work in the UK? FAQs The behaviours we look for Menu Early careers Employability hub Menu Early careers Entry level Entry level programmes Flying Start degree programmes New World. New Skills. Virtual Insight Programme Menu Early careers Graduate Advisory and Consulting Audit, Accounting, Tax and Finance Legal Services Strategy Technology and AI Menu Early careers Our events Virtual Classroom Menu Early careers Our job search Menu Early careers Training and development Menu Early careers Undergraduate Diversity Programmes Legal Summer Vacation Scheme Summer Internship Undergraduate Work Placement Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Experienced careers Experienced careers Application support Careers toolkit Partner recruitment Search all jobs Menu Experienced careers Application support Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessments - what to expect Our application experience PwC sponsorship and working permits Recruitment agencies The behaviours we look for Menu Experienced careers Careers toolkit Menu Experienced careers Partner recruitment Menu Experienced careers Search all jobs Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Flexible careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible careers Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Working at PwC Working at PwC Career development Discover our UK offices Inclusion Our business areas Our people. Their stories Reward and benefits Wellbeing at PwC Menu Working at PwC Career development Menu Working at PwC Discover our UK offices Menu Working at PwC Inclusion Menu Working at PwC Our business areas Actuarial Audit Business Solutions Consulting Deals Legal Operate Tax Technology Menu Working at PwC Our people. Their stories Menu Working at PwC Reward and benefits Menu Working at PwC Wellbeing at PwC Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Our people, their stories. Our people, their stories. Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Loading Results No Match Found View All Results Explore early careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Events Applying and FAQs Employability Hub More Explore early careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Events Applying and FAQs Employability Hub Early careers Do you need immigration authorisation to work in the UK? We welcome applications from all candidates but there are restrictions to some areas of our business and some points you should note below. Right to work in the UK and employment offer Any employment offer made by PwC is contingent on you obtaining and maintaining the right to work and reside legally in the UK. You’re required to notify us immediately if your immigration status changes after you’ve applied for a role as this may impact any offer PwC makes to you. We welcome applications from candidates who have their own right to work within the UK where you can maintain and demonstrate your right to work throughout the duration of your employment. For both temporary and permanent roles you’ll be asked to provide evidence of your right to work during the early stages of the application process. Important information Please note that not all of our roles satisfy the Home Office's eligibility criteria and therefore we can only sponsor candidates for the following: Graduate - Audit and Assurance - London and Watford Graduate - Deals - London and Watford Undergraduate and Graduate - Legal Services - London Graduate Strategy - London and Watford Graduate - Tax Services - London and Watford Immigration rules are subject to change by the Home Office and if any new regulations subsequently affect your application/offer with PwC we would need to reassess to ensure we remain compliant in line with the updated guidance as well as the mandatory requirement of valid right to work in the UK on day one of working with us. The above information is correct as of October 2025. Additional information To switch from a student visa PhD students 2026 intake application deadlines Internships and work placements Diversity programmes To switch from a student visa To switch from a Student visa, you must have *successfully completed one of these qualifications from your study visa prior to your start date if you want to switch to a Skilled Worker visa: A UK bachelor's degree. A UK master's degree. Completed a minimum of 12 months study in the UK towards a UK PhD. *Successful completion is having received your final grades from your course, confirmed in the issuance of your transcript and/or degree. You must have obtained your qualification at a UK recognised body or an institution that has a study sponsor licence. Please note you must be able to provide sufficient evidence that you’ve completed all academic requirements for your qualification prior to your start date (i.e., you may be required to provide a letter from your educational institution confirming that you’ve completed all of your exams and handed in all of your coursework for assessment). PhD students You must have completed at least 12 months’ study for your PhD during your most recent stay in the UK and had permission to take the qualification. 2026 intake application deadlines We implement application deadlines due to the length of time required to successfully complete the recruitment process and subsequently apply for your visa. Application deadlines Winter 2026 intake: 31 October 2025 Spring 2026 intake: 16 January 2026 Autumn 2026 intake: 12 June 2026 We’re unable to progress any applications from candidates who require a work permit after this date. If you do apply after this date, we will withdraw your application. Internships and work placements We can’t provide sponsorship for internships and fixed-term placements. However, if you're in full-time education in the UK under the Student visa category, current regulations may permit temporary employment during holiday periods or as part of your studies in which the sponsor of your study visa will need to provide confirmation of this upon the request of the UK Firm Student Immigration team - the request will detail all information required and sent to you in advance of your perspective start date. If you’re studying outside the UK, you’ll need to obtain your own right to work in the UK to undertake a placement with us and this will need to cover the full duration of the position for which you are applying. If you hold your own right to work in the UK, this will need to cover the full duration of the position for which you are applying for. Diversity programmes We can’t provide sponsorship for internships, Women in Business, Black Talent in Business and fixed-term placements. However, if you're in full-time education in the UK under the Student visa category, current regulations may permit temporary employment during holiday periods or as part of your studies in which the sponsor of your study visa will need to provide confirmation of this upon the request of the UK Firm Student Immigration team - the request will detail all information required and sent to you in advance of your perspective start date. If you’re studying outside the UK, you’ll need to obtain your own right to work in the UK to undertake a placement with us and this will need to cover the full duration of the position for which you are applying. Entry Level programme roles Flying Start Accounting Programmes What if I have my own right to work in the UK? Entry Level programme roles Under the UK Visa and Immigration codes of practice, we’re unable to provide sponsorship for our Entry Level programme roles. Flying Start Accounting Programmes Students on the Flying Start Accounting programmes will be at university; therefore, they will be on a Student visa. For further details on this please see the University website. What if I have my own right to work in the UK? We welcome applications from candidates who are already eligible to work in the UK or those who can apply for a visa granting permission to work in the UK without requiring sponsorship from PwC (e.g. Ancestry, dependent, EU Settlement visas etc.). In both instances you must ensure this covers the full duration of the position for which you are applying. We may not be able to extend your stay if you apply to a role where we're unable to fulfil all the requirements set out by the Home Office. If you're unsure of your right to work in the UK without sponsorship, visit the Home Office website for more information. Application Support Selection process FAQs The behaviours we look for Adjustments to the recruitment process Join our Talent Community Sign up today From entry level to experienced professionals Search jobs Follow PwC UK Careers Working at PwC Inclusion Reward and benefits Discover our UK offices Our People. Their Stories. Talent Community Alumni Our Business Actuarial Audit Consulting Deals Business Solutions Legal Operate Risk Tax Technology Early Careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Event search Job search Employability hub Training and development Applying and FAQs Experienced Careers Our job search Careers toolkit Applying Partner Recruitment Flexible and contractor Our job search Flexible careers Contractor careers Join our Talent Community Your account © 2020 - 2026 PwC. All rights reserved. PwC refers to the PwC network and/or one or more of its member firms, each of which is a separate legal entity. Please see www.pwc.com/structure for further details. Privacy Statement Cookies info Legal Disclaimer About Site Provider Provision of Services Diversity Web Accessibility