Audit Summer Vacation Scheme 2027 at Deloitte | Higherin DID YOU COMPLETE WORK EXPERIENCE THIS YEAR? IT'S TIME TO LEAVE A REVIEW Open menu Jobs Search all jobs Search and apply for internships, placements, graduate jobs, insights and apprenticeships University Students Internships Placements Graduate Jobs and Schemes Insights & Vacation Schemes Brand Ambassadors School Leavers Apprenticeships Degree Apprenticeships Level 2 Apprenticeships Level 3 Apprenticeships Level 4/5 Apprenticeships School Leaver Programmes Popular Searches Placements in London Internships in London Graduate Jobs in London Engineering Graduate Schemes Business Placements Finance Internships Marketing Placements Apprenticeships in London Business Apprenticeships Finance Apprenticeships Tech Apprenticeships Reviews Write A Review Share your experience of your apprenticeship, internship or placement to help future applicants make informed career decisions Read All Reviews What’s it like to work at your dream company? Written by university students and school leavers, read our job reviews to find out Reviews by Scheme Internship Reviews Placement Reviews Graduate Job Reviews Insight & Vacation Scheme Reviews Apprenticeship Reviews Degree Apprenticeship Reviews Level 2 Apprenticeship Reviews Level 3 Apprenticeship Reviews Level 4/5 Apprenticeship Reviews Companies All Companies Search for companies to learn more about their culture, read job reviews written by students, and discover the latest job opportunities they have to offer Top Employers Each year, we rank the employers leading the way in apprenticeship, undergraduate and graduate schemes - voted for entirely by your student job reviews Advice Explore Industries Accounting Careers Banking Careers Business Careers Engineering Careers Finance Careers IT & Technology Careers Legal & Law Careers Marketing Careers Public Sector Careers Retail & FMCG Careers Science & Research Careers View all Industries » Explore Schemes What is an Internship? What is a Placement? What is a Graduate Job? What is a Graduate Scheme? What is an Insight Scheme? What is an Off-Cycle Internship? What is an Apprenticeship? What is a Degree Apprenticeship? What is a Level 2 Apprenticeship? What is a Level 3 Apprenticeship? What is a Level 4 or 5 Apprenticeship? View all Schemes » All Careers Advice Educate yourself on your future career decisions Exploring Options Discover career paths that match your interests and strengths Application Tips Stand out with our CVs and application hacks Interview Tips Turn nerves into confidence and impress employers Student Life Make the most of your university or school experience Working Life Navigate your first job with ease University Hub Resources for university careers advisors and their students Schools Hub Supporting your students with post-16 options For Employers Sign In My Dashboard See new jobs and content matching your interests Application tracker Track your applications across multiple jobs My Reviews View your in progress or completed reviews Saved Items Managed your saved jobs and searches Account Update your profile to receive a better experience Visit Dashboard Sign out My Dashboard See new jobs and content matching your interests Application tracker Track your applications across multiple jobs My Reviews View your in progress or completed reviews Saved Items Managed your saved jobs and searches Account Update your profile to receive a better experience Create an account Sign in Close menu Jobs Search all jobs Search and apply for internships, placements, graduate jobs, insights and apprenticeships University Students Internships Placements Graduate Jobs and Schemes Insights & Vacation Schemes Brand Ambassadors School Leavers Apprenticeships Degree Apprenticeships Level 2 Apprenticeships Level 3 Apprenticeships Level 4/5 Apprenticeships School Leaver Programmes Popular Searches Placements in London Internships in London Graduate Jobs in London Engineering Graduate Schemes Business Placements Finance Internships Marketing Placements Apprenticeships in London Business Apprenticeships Finance Apprenticeships Tech Apprenticeships Reviews Write A Review Share your experience of your apprenticeship, internship or placement to help future applicants make informed career decisions Read All Reviews What’s it like to work at your dream company? Written by university students and school leavers, read our job reviews to find out Reviews by Scheme Internship Reviews Placement Reviews Graduate Job Reviews Insight & Vacation Scheme Reviews Apprenticeship Reviews Degree Apprenticeship Reviews Level 2 Apprenticeship Reviews Level 3 Apprenticeship Reviews Level 4/5 Apprenticeship Reviews Companies All Companies Search for companies to learn more about their culture, read job reviews written by students, and discover the latest job opportunities they have to offer Top Employers Each year, we rank the employers leading the way in apprenticeship, undergraduate and graduate schemes - voted for entirely by your student job reviews Advice Explore Industries Accounting Careers Banking Careers Business Careers Engineering Careers Finance Careers IT & Technology Careers Legal & Law Careers Marketing Careers Public Sector Careers Retail & FMCG Careers Science & Research Careers View all Industries » Explore Schemes What is an Internship? What is a Placement? What is a Graduate Job? What is a Graduate Scheme? What is an Insight Scheme? What is an Off-Cycle Internship? What is an Apprenticeship? What is a Degree Apprenticeship? What is a Level 2 Apprenticeship? What is a Level 3 Apprenticeship? What is a Level 4 or 5 Apprenticeship? View all Schemes » All Careers Advice Educate yourself on your future career decisions Exploring Options Discover career paths that match your interests and strengths Application Tips Stand out with our CVs and application hacks Interview Tips Turn nerves into confidence and impress employers Student Life Make the most of your university or school experience Working Life Navigate your first job with ease University Hub Resources for university careers advisors and their students Schools Hub Supporting your students with post-16 options Home / Jobs / Deloitte / Audit Summer Vacation Scheme 2027 at Deloitte Audit Summer Vacation Scheme 2027 at Deloitte About 4.6/5 Summary Job Description Job Details Deadline: 11th October 2026 5 days to go! Salary: Competitive competitive salary benefits, values and culture rewards and benefits available at Deloitte Start Date: 2027-06-01 Job Type: Insight / Vacation Scheme (< 4 Weeks) Job Roles: Accounting Audit Finance Locations: London Job Description Programme Description What does this team do? Audit matters to everyone, even if you've never heard the word before. When a company shares its financial results, people need to know those numbers are accurate. That's where audit comes in. We check company financial reports independently, so the public, investors and businesses can trust what they're seeing. It's a job that protects people, and it genuinely makes a difference. The landscape for audit reporting is changing fast, creating demand and evolving the services we provide. We’re increasingly using AI and other technologies to automate and standardise processes, as well as improve accuracy. Businesses are using AI technologies too and it’s changing how they operate. We need to audit their AI financial systems and processes too, which means the scope of the work we do is always growing. We’re shaping the future of audit, and there’s never been a more exciting time to join us! What skills and academic qualifications do I need? This scheme is for university students who are doing well academically and want to test their skills in the real world. You must be in the penultimate year of your course, or going onto a Master’s, and you need to be on track to achieve a predicted degree classification of 2:1 or above in any discipline. If you’re fascinated by business and can’t wait to get stuck into complex projects that make a difference, you’ll fit right in. We have identified 10 core skills that are essential to all of our roles in Early Careers. To learn more about these skills and their detailed descriptions, please visit the 'Discover What We Look For' section in our Candidate Zone. What kind of work will I do? This four-week placement puts you at the heart of our business, surrounded by experts who can help you flourish. You’ll do real work from day one, using what you’ve learnt at university to help solve complex problems. Our Audit business has two core areas: Large & Complex Audit which includes listed companies (corporate and financial services) and their subsidiaries in the UK and internationally, as well as other public interest companies such as banks, insurers, large private companies, and public sector organisations. Portfolio Audit which spans a wide range of sectors including both emerging and large private corporates, real estate funds, pension schemes, financial services brokers and investment managers. Portfolio business offers the opportunity to work with privately-owned, dynamic, entrepreneurial and high growth businesses, both in the UK and internationally. Where will I work? At Deloitte we recognise how important face-to-face interaction is for your development in a new role. We also understand that our people need flexibility, which is why we operate a hybrid system, with a combination of office and home working. If you’re in a client-facing role, you might be expected to attend client sites on certain days, while your meetings will be a mix of online and in-person events. All our workspaces are accessible, however, if you require further flexibility due to a health condition or caring responsibilities, please discuss this with our team. You can find further information on our parent and carer policies here. What’s in it for me? You will be joining a world-class Summer Vacation Scheme at Deloitte. Whilst being paid a competitive salary, you’ll get a real feel for who we are and if we’re the right fit for your future. You may get the opportunity to complete the programme with a Graduate job offer for September 2028. This will depend on performance and availability. If offered, the role would be for the same office and business area as your summer vacation scheme, so please apply in line with preferences. All of this is driven by our shared sense of purpose: We challenge and we rise to the challenge: We’ll support you to achieve your potential through an outstanding training scheme, an internationally recognised professional qualification and ongoing investment in your development throughout your career. We include everyone: You’ll be part of an inclusive culture where different perspectives are valued, learning is shared and you can build a strong professional network. We do the right thing: You’ll do work with purpose in a place where you can be yourself, grow professionally and personally, and make an impact that underpins the public interest and confidence in financial reporting. How will I develop? Hands-on experience is invaluable. That’s why our summer placements are such a great way to explore potential career options and discover what suits you best. You’ll receive a comprehensive induction and training plan and we’ll assign you a buddy, so you’ll always have a friendly face to turn to. There are regular check-ins with the wider team, who’ll support and encourage you every step of the way. Being trusted with real responsibility will give you the opportunity to see what you’re capable of. Not only will this look great on your CV, but you’ll learn transferrable skills, knowledge, and expertise. If things go well, you might even be offered a position on our Graduate Programme. Offers are made based on your placement location, so we encourage you to think carefully about where you want to start your graduate career at Deloitte when applying. Not everyone gets an offer straight away, so don’t worry if you don’t. You can always apply in the future and whatever happens, your Summer Vacation Scheme will be a great foundation for your future career. Additional support and benefits information We’re a collaborative, inclusive firm and we want to help you to use your unique talents and perspectives in the workplace. From diversity networks to wellbeing and much more, we aim to support and reward you in the best way possible. Please use the links below to discover more about our processes, benefits, values and culture. You can learn more about the full recruitment process here. Do you have accessibility requirements or need reasonable adjustments for the interview or assessment process? Find out how we can help. Learn more about our values, culture and purpose as a firm. Want to hear from some of our people to inspire your future career? Check out our Life at Deloitte page. At Deloitte we value diversity, and we’re committed to ensuring that our people thrive through a wide range of initiatives and diversity networks. Discover more about inclusion and wellbeing. We value our people and recognise their hard work. Learn about the rewards and benefits available at Deloitte. About the Company Deloitte is a collaborative, inclusive firm. At Deloitte, different perspectives are valued, learning is shared and people can build a strong professional network. Deloitte values diversity and is committed to ensuring that people thrive through a wide range of initiatives and diversity networks. Application deadlines Application deadlines: The closing deadline for this role is 11th October 2026, but we recommend getting your application in as soon as possible. Please note, some of our roles may close quickly if we experience high demand. Assessment deadlines: Once you’ve applied to this role, you’ll receive an email from our recruitment team outlining next steps and the relevant deadlines for you to complete the following stages of our process. We operate a strict one application per year policy across our Early Careers opportunities. We recommend only submitting an application for a role that you feel is right for you. We’re not able to provide sponsorship for this role. However, you can apply if you hold a Student Visa which is valid for the duration. You can also only join our Summer Vacation Scheme if our dates coincide with your university summer vacation. What matters to you? Make it happen at Deloitte. How to apply To apply for this role and to find out more, please click on the apply button. Please note that applications may close before the application deadline, so apply early to avoid disappointment. Job Details Deadline: 11th October 2026 5 days to go! Salary: Competitive competitive salary benefits, values and culture rewards and benefits available at Deloitte Start Date: 2027-06-01 Job Type: Insight / Vacation Scheme (< 4 Weeks) Job Roles: Accounting Audit Finance Locations: London About Deloitte Whether it’s innovating with tech or protecting our planet, working from home or collaborating in the office, developing your skills or taking time for yourself, what matters is different for everyone. And you don’t need to have it all figured out yet. That’s what we’re here for. View Company Profile Company Rating 4.6 /5 Rating based on 901 Reviews This score is based on honest feedback written by students who’ve worked at Deloitte. See All Reviews Assurance Summer Vacation Scheme 2027 at Deloitte Insight / Vacation Scheme (< 4 Weeks) Competitive paid a competitive salary opportunity to complete the programme with a graduate job offer for September 2028 comprehensive induction and training plan buddy support regular check-ins diversity networks wellbeing rewards and benefits London View Job Finance Transformation Consulting Placement - Business Analyst 2027 at Deloitte Placement (10 Months+) Belfast View Job Finance Transformation Consulting Graduate - Business Analyst 2027 at Deloitte Graduate Job Belfast View Job Audit Analytics Summer Vacation Scheme 2027 at Deloitte Insight / Vacation Scheme (< 4 Weeks) London View Job IT Audit Summer Vacation Scheme 2027 at Deloitte Insight / Vacation Scheme (< 4 Weeks) London View Job View More Jobs Join the Higherin Community Save Time Easily add jobs from Higherin or external platforms to keep everything organised. Personalised Alerts Get tailored job recommendations and updates straight to your inbox. Exclusive Features Access tools like application tracking, deadline reminders, and saved searches. Stay Ahead Be the first to know about the latest opportunities and deadlines. Completely Free Create an account and unlock powerful features at no cost. Start Exploring Search for Jobs Job Reviews Companies Top Apprenticeship Employers Top Graduate Employers Top Undergraduate Employers Help & Support Contact Us Report a Problem For Employers Promote Internships Hire Apprentices Recruit Graduates Brand Ambassadors Employer Branding Activations Privacy & Legal Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our Company About Us Higherin Academy Careers higherin.careers higherin.apprenticeships 2026 Higherin. All rights reserved.