Job Application for Senior Workforce Management Analyst at Monzo Back to jobs New Senior Workforce Management Analyst Remote (UK) Apply 🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ 📍London, Cardiff or Remote (UK) | 💰£40,400 - £51,050 + Benefits ⭐ Our Workforce Management (WFM) team This is an excellent opportunity to step into a key Senior WFM Analyst role on a 15 month fixed-term contract. You'll report to a WFM Service Manager and be instrumental in using data-driven insights to perfectly staff our customer operations and service teams. You will be crucial in predicting our resource needs, proactively identifying risks, and translating those findings into clear, actionable strategies for our senior leaders. You’ll be a guiding voice for leaders, constantly improving WFM processes, and collaborating closely with Operations, People, Hiring, and L&D to boost efficiency and enhance the customer experience at Monzo. 🔑 You’ll play a key role... Preparing clear, concise, and actionable executive-level reports and presentations on WFM performance, trends, and resource requirements for senior leadership. Analysing large datasets, identifying patterns and trends, and communicating key insights to stakeholders. You'll use Google Sheets and Looker to create visualisations and reports, with a basic knowledge of BigQuery being a bonus. Creating and reviewing shift offerings to support business growth and improve our flexible working employee rating. Showing the operational impact of supply and demand for potential changes to shift patterns across all required domains. Working closely with the forecasting, People, Operations, and WFM data teams to continuously improve schedule quality, shift offerings, and reduce errors. Ensuring holiday utilisation remains within budget and at expected quarterly levels, factoring in seasonality. Deep-diving into schedule issues to improve schedules, reduce manual amendments, and increase schedule automation per domain. Managing mappings, service goals, and overall Verint backend configuration and setup. Collaborating with the People team (for FWRs), Hiring, L&D (for New Hires), Operations (for schedules, skills, and shifts), and Forecasting for schedule accuracy. 🤩 We’d love to hear from you if… You have demonstrable experience in workforce management, ideally in a fast-paced, high-growth environment (e.g., technology, customer support, operations). You possess expertise in WFM software and tools, with Verint experience preferred. You have strong proficiency in Google Sheets (advanced formulas, pivot tables, and data analysis). You have experience presenting complex data to executive leadership and influencing decision-making through clear, strategic communication. You have excellent analytical skills with the ability to synthesise data, identify trends, and translate insights into actionable strategies. It's a bonus if you have familiarity with Looker, basic knowledge of BigQuery, or experience with scenario planning, resource modelling, and strategic capacity planning. You can work autonomously, manage multiple priorities, and thrive in a dynamic environment. Not ticking every box? That’s totally okay! Studies show that women and people of colour might hesitate to apply unless they meet every single requirement. At Monzo, we’re dedicated to creating a diverse and welcoming team. If you’re passionate about this role and keen to learn and grow with us, we encourage you to apply— even if you don’t have everything that's listed just yet. Drop us your application, we’d love to hear from you! 🙌 What’s in it for you 💰 £40,400 - £51,050 + Benefits ⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team. 📚 £1,000 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences. 🏡 We will set you up to work from home; all employees are given Macbooks and for fully remote workers we will provide extra support for your work-from-home setup. ➕ Plus lots more! Read our full list of benefits . 🌈 The application journey has 4 key steps Application Questions Recruiter Call Take home task Final stage interview (Presentation + interview questions) This process should take around 3-4 weeks - your schedule is really important to us, so we promise to be as flexible as possible! We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo. You can read them here. We’ll only close this role once we have enough applications for the next stage. Please submit your application as soon as possible to make sure you don’t miss out. #LI-REMOTE #LI-DR Equal opportunities for everyone Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our blog , 2026 Diversity and Inclusion Report and 2025 Gender Pay Gap Report. We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status. If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊 Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf 🛂 Please confirm your Right to Work status in the location where this job is advertised. * Select... We legally have to verify that you have the right to work in the location where you'd be working from. Your answer to this question won't affect the outcome of your application, unless you'd need visa sponsorship but are applying to a role we don't sponsor. 🇺🇸 Are you a US Person? * Select... A US Person is defined as someone who: was born in the United States (US) has at least 1 parent who was born in the US is a naturalised citizen of the US is a green card holder is a US tax resident 🔐 Keeping your data safe is really important to us. Please take a look at our Candidate Data Privacy Notice (linked below) and confirm that you have. * Select... 🔗 Candidate Data Privacy Notice . If you’d like to, please share your preferred pronouns (eg. they/them/theirs, she/her/hers). If you'd like to, please spell out your name how it's pronounced so we know how to say it. Can you tell us a little more about how you currently use data analysis to influence strategy within workforce management? * What workforce management systems do you have experience with? * What data visualisation tools do you have experience with? * 👤 Identity survey Our goal at Monzo is to make money work for everyone. To do that, working at Monzo must work for everyone. We want to create an equitable, engaged and innovative workplace which gives people from all backgrounds the support they need to thrive and grow. Making Monzo work for everyone starts right at the beginning of every Monzonaut's journey: when they apply to work here. This demographic survey will help us better understand the people who apply to work at Monzo. It'll help us see how different groups progress through our hiring process, and where we need to make improvements to be more inclusive. If you choose to fill it out, all of the information you give us is: Voluntary . And we've included a "prefer not to say" option for every question. It'd be helpful if you still fill out the survey even if you choose "prefer not to say" for every question, as it's useful for us to understand & record this. We won't know if you choose to fill this survey in or not. Anonymous to Monzo . We can't tie your responses to you and they won't make a difference to the outcome of your application. We'll only use grouped responses for equal opportunities monitoring in our hiring process. For more information on how we'll use this data, please read our candidate privacy notice . By filling out this survey, you agree that we can use your responses for the purposes we've mentioned above. You are not letting us know if we need to make any adjustments to the hiring process because of disability or neurodiversity - to do this please email us. How would you describe your gender identity? Select... Do you identify as transgender? Select... What's your sexual orientation? Select... Do you identify as having a disability? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodivergent? Select... How would your describe your ethnicity? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse