Man Insights | Man Group ETFs & Funds ETFs & Funds ETFs Document centre Capabilities Investment capabilities Asset classes Client solutions Investment themes Strategies in focus Alternatives Credit Equities Multi-asset Insurance Solutions Responsible investment Trend-following Insights Insights Insights hub Global outlook Technology About us About us About Man Careers Diversity, equity & inclusion Corporate sustainability Media News center Contact us Get in touch Search Man Group ETFs & Funds Capabilities Insights Technology About us ETFs & Funds ETFs Document centre Capabilities Asset classes Alternatives Credit Equities Multi-asset Client solutions Insurance Solutions Investment themes Responsible investment Trend-following Strategies in focus Insights Insights hub Global outlook About us About Man Careers Diversity, equity & inclusion Corporate sustainability News center Get in touch United States Public Contact Careers News center Shareholders Shareholder relations Results centre AGM Dividends Corporate Governance Login Thank you for subscribing to Man Insights! Please check your email to confirm your subscription. Back View investments and research available in your location Confirm your region Americas Confirm your region Americas Confirm your country United States Confirm your country United States Select your role Institutional Investor Financial Professional Select your role Institutional Investor I consult or invest on behalf of a financial institution. Financial Professional I manage investments on behalf of my clients. Remember my choice Decline If your country is not listed, visit our global website to learn more about Man Group You are now leaving Man Group’s website You are leaving Man Group’s website and entering a third-party website that is not controlled, maintained, or monitored by Man Group. Man Group is not responsible for the content or availability of the third-party website. By leaving Man Group’s website, you will be subject to the third-party website’s terms, policies and/or notices, including those related to privacy and security, as applicable. Continue to third-party site Cancel You are now leaving Man Group’s website You are leaving Man Group’s website and entering a third-party website that is not controlled, maintained, or monitored by Man Group. Man Group is not responsible for the content or availability of the third-party website. By leaving Man Group’s website, you will be subject to the third-party website’s terms, policies and/or notices, including those related to privacy and security, as applicable. Continue to third-party site Cancel You are now leaving Man Group’s website You are leaving Man Group’s website and entering a third-party website that is not controlled, maintained, or monitored by Man Group. Man Group is not responsible for the content or availability of the third-party website. By leaving Man Group’s website, you will be subject to the third-party website’s terms, policies and/or notices, including those related to privacy and security, as applicable. Continue to third-party site Cancel You are now leaving Man Group’s website Stai per uscire dal sito web di Man Group in lingua italiana. Proseguendo, accederai ai contenuti disponibili sul sito web di Man Group in lingua inglese per gli utenti in Italia. Continue to third-party site Cancel Important information Important information This information is communicated and/or distributed by the relevant Man entity identified below (collectively the "Company") subject to the following conditions and restriction in their respective jurisdictions. Opinions expressed are those of the author and may not be shared by all personnel of Man Group plc (‘Man’). These opinions are subject to change without notice, are for information purposes only and do not constitute an offer or invitation to make an investment in any financial instrument or in any product to which the Company and/or its affiliates provides investment advisory or any other financial services. Any organisations, financial instrument or products described in this material are mentioned for reference purposes only which should not be considered a recommendation for their purchase or sale. Neither the Company nor the authors shall be liable to any person for any action taken on the basis of the information provided. Some statements contained in this material concerning goals, strategies, outlook or other non-historical matters may be forward-looking statements and are based on current indicators and expectations. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements. The Company and/or its affiliates may or may not have a position in any financial instrument mentioned and may or may not be actively trading in any such securities. Unless stated otherwise all information is provided by the Company. Past performance is not indicative of future results. The value of an investment and any income derived from it can go down as well as up and investors may not get back their original amount invested. Alternative investments can involve significant additional risks. Unless stated otherwise this information is communicated by the relevant entity listed below. United States: To the extent this material is distributed in the United States, it is communicated and distributed by Man Investments, Inc. (‘Man Investments’). Man Investments is registered as a broker-dealer with the SEC and is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (‘FINRA’). Man Investments is also a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (‘SIPC’). Man Investments is a wholly owned subsidiary of Man Group plc. The registration and memberships described above in no way imply a certain level of skill or expertise or that the SEC, FINRA or the SIPC have endorsed Man Investments. Man Investments Inc, 1345 Avenue of the Americas, 21st Floor, New York, NY 10105. This material is proprietary information and may not be reproduced or otherwise disseminated in whole or in part without prior written consent. Any data services and information available from public sources used in the creation of this material are believed to be reliable. However accuracy is not warranted or guaranteed. © Man 2026 Contact Quick links Insights Technology Careers News center Shareholders About us About Man Diversity, equity & inclusion Corporate responsibility Environmental commitment Oxford–Man Institute Capabilities Alternatives Credit Equities Multi-asset Client solutions Insurance Solutions Investment themes Responsible investment Trend-following Contact Investment management services are offered through Man Group plc’s regulated subsidiaries as identified in the Terms and Conditions. Terms & conditions Cookies Privacy Security Regulatory disclosures Modern slavery Glossary © 2026 Man. All rights reserved. User Country: United States (237) User Language: User Role: Public (Guest) (1) User Access Groups: Global All (1) North America All (3) Global Non Employees (64) All Unauthenticated Users (68) North America Unauthenticated (87) Global (ex AU) (121) Global (ex Individuals) (123) Global ex EEA, CH & UK (165) Global All (ex UK) (232) Global All (ex HK) (239) Rest of the World All (ex CH) (241) United States All (248) United States Public (250) North America (Unauth.) - Man.com only (254) Global (ex. Individuals, Retail) (272) North America Public (275) Wealth Insights (Public & Fin. prof) (300) Institutional Insights (Employees & Public & Insti) (301) Node Access Groups: 272