Job Application for Site Reliability Engineer at GoCardless Back to jobs Site Reliability Engineer London, UK Apply About us GoCardless, a Mollie company, is a global leader in bank payments. Over 100,000 businesses, from start-ups to household names, use GoCardless to collect, manage and send bank payments through Direct Debit, real-time payments and open banking. With US$130bn+ processed annually across 30+ countries, we handle recurring and one-off payments without the chasing, stress, or expensive fees. Our end-to-end payment platform also features AI-powered solutions to improve payment success and reduce fraud, alongside connections to over 350 platforms businesses use everyday. We are headquartered in the UK, with teams and operations spanning North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific. For more information, please visit www.gocardless.com and follow us on LinkedIn @GoCardless. Mollie is the leading payments and financial services partner for business, rooted in Europe, with global reach. Platform Engineering at GoCardless The Platform Engineering team is a unified, globally distributed team. We are currently located in London, Riga, and Lisbon. We work with all other engineering teams to empower them to build, release, run and scale their products. We operate with a strong focus on both strategic project delivery and operational excellence. Our work is a balance of: Project Delivery: Building new platform components, from initial design to deployment. Operational Support: Ensuring the health and stability of our systems through on-call rotations and incident management. Business as Usual (BAU): Continuous maintenance, improvements, and support for audits and compliance. Tech stack and tools: Python, Ruby, Golang; Terraform; Atlantis AWS, GCP; Kubernetes, GKE; Github, GitHub Actions, ArgoCD; Grafana, Prometheus; Datadog What excites you: We use a wide range of technologies, and will never expect you to have experience with all of them. We do hope that you are enthusiastic about the infrastructure space and the impact your work can have on others. To enjoy this work you’ll be excited by: Building and maintaining automation of new and existing infrastructure; Appreciate and believe in building easy-to-understand and maintain tools to solve problems; Automating operational tasks to eliminate toil using your software development skills and experience; Ensuring that systems are safe and secure against cybersecurity threats; Working closely with software engineers and data scientists; Being involved in the technical design of architecture and making technical decisions; Cloud-first engineering; Ongoing opportunities to further develop your skills; Care about working with people who share the same values as you and who will continually push you to grow. What excites us Experience with at least one programming language such as Python, Ruby, Golang etc.; Experience with IaC tooling, such as Terraform; Previous experience with Terraform automation toolings such as Terragrunt or Atlantis will be considered an advantage; Experience with cloud computing providers such as AWS or GCP; Experience with containerized applications; Previous experience with container orchestration such as Kubernetes and GKE will be considered an advantage; Experience with CI/CD tooling such as Github, GitHub Actions, ArgoCD, etc.; Experience working with monitoring tooling such as Grafana, Prometheus, etc.; Experience with relational databases and other datastores, especially around high availability and performance optimisation; Awareness of DevOps and Agile principles; Fluency in English; Excellent teamwork and communication skills. Base salary range: £62,400 - £93,600 Base salary ranges are based on role, job level, location, and market data. Please note that whilst we strive to offer competitive compensation, our approach is to pay between the minimum and the mid-point of the pay range until performance can be assessed in role. Offers will take into account level of experience, interview assessment, budgets and parity between you and fellow employees at GoCardless doing similar work. (some of) The good stuff Wellbeing - stay healthy with dedicated support and medical cover Work away scheme - gives you the option to work away from your country of residence for up to 90 days in any 12 month period Adaptive Working - allows you to work flexibly, around your lifestyle Parental leave - to suit everyone embarking on life's great adventure Learning Budget - lead your own development with an annual learning budget Time off - generous holiday allowance, + 3 annual volunteer days, + 4 annual business-wide wellness days (‘GC Fridays’) Life at GoCardless We're an organisation defined by our values ; We start with why before we begin any project, to ensure it’s aligned with our mission. We act with integrity , always. We care deeply about what we do and we know it's essential that we be humble whilst we do it. Working this way creates the GC magic- the reason we all love showing up to work. Diversity & Inclusion As of April 2025, we had 806 employees (GeeCees) globally, with 524 based in the UK, 163 based in Latvia and 119 across our other offices. To ensure that we're representative of the world around us - and to be able to review relevant benchmarks - we ask GeeCees to voluntarily disclose diversity data. This year, the proportion of GeeCees providing data increased to 88% (up from 79% in 2024). With regards to diversity within GoCardless, we can see GeeCees identifying as: Asian, Black, Mixed or Other — 25% Neurodiverse — 9% LGBTQIA+ — 9% Disabled — 1% Average age — 33 Female — 45% Male — 55% We’re rooting for you during your application and GoCardless aims to provide reasonable adjustments to make our recruitment process as remarkable and accessible as we can. Please speak to your Talent Partner if you need extra support. If you want to learn more, you can read about our Employee Resource Groups and objectives here Sustainability We’re committed to reducing our impact on the environment, leaving a more sustainable world for future generations. Check out our sustainability action plan here. Find out more about Life at GoCardless via Twitter , Instagram and LinkedIn . Create a Job Alert Interested in building your career at GoCardless? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email. Create alert Apply for this job * indicates a required field Autofill my application First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Your privacy at GoCardless * Select... You share personal data with us which we use for our recruitment program. Read more about it in our recruitment privacy notice. Would you need us to sponsor a work visa? * Select... Pay range transparency * Select... At GoCardless we’re committed to fostering an inclusive and high-performance culture built on trust and transparency. To ensure you have a clear understanding of the compensation and potential growth for this opportunity, we’ve shared the full base salary pay range for this role. Please note, our approach is to offer salaries between the minimum and mid-point of the range. We want to manage expectations from the start, and if your application is successful you can discuss any questions around the pay range and salary with your Talent Partner. Are you able to commute to our London office at least once a week? * Select... UNITED KINGDOM - Demographic Questions We're committed to making GoCardless a place where everybody can thrive regardless of their background. Championing a diverse, inclusive workplace underpins our mission to build the world’s bank payment network. We continually measure our efforts to ensure we're on track, and that's where you can help. The questions below are optional but we'd appreciate you answering them. It's completely anonymous so your answers CANNOT be linked to you individually. They also don't have any impact on the hiring decisions we make. Want to find out more about D&I at GC? Take a look here . Which gender do you identify as? Select... What race/ethnicity do you identify as? Select... Which of the following best describes your sexual orientation? Select... How old are you? Select... What is your highest level of education? Select... Do you consider yourself disabled? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodiverse? Select... Is your gender identity the same as the sex you were assigned at birth? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse