The behaviours we look for | Experienced Careers | PwC UK Careers Skip to content Skip to footer Early careers Experienced careers Flexible or contractor careers Working at PwC Our people, their stories. More Search Menu Early careers Early careers Applying and FAQs Employability hub Entry level Graduate Our events Our job search Training and development Undergraduate Menu Early careers Applying and FAQs Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessment and selection process Do you need immigration authorisation to work in the UK? FAQs The behaviours we look for Menu Early careers Employability hub Menu Early careers Entry level Entry level programmes Flying Start degree programmes New World. New Skills. Virtual Insight Programme Menu Early careers Graduate Advisory and Consulting Audit, Accounting, Tax and Finance Legal Services Strategy Technology and AI Menu Early careers Our events Virtual Classroom Menu Early careers Our job search Menu Early careers Training and development Menu Early careers Undergraduate Diversity Programmes Legal Summer Vacation Scheme Summer Internship Undergraduate Work Placement Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Experienced careers Experienced careers Application support Careers toolkit Partner recruitment Search all jobs Menu Experienced careers Application support Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessments - what to expect Our application experience PwC sponsorship and working permits Recruitment agencies The behaviours we look for Menu Experienced careers Careers toolkit Menu Experienced careers Partner recruitment Menu Experienced careers Search all jobs Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Flexible careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible careers Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Working at PwC Working at PwC Career development Discover our UK offices Inclusion Our business areas Our people. Their stories Reward and benefits Wellbeing at PwC Menu Working at PwC Career development Menu Working at PwC Discover our UK offices Menu Working at PwC Inclusion Menu Working at PwC Our business areas Actuarial Audit Business Solutions Consulting Deals Legal Operate Tax Technology Menu Working at PwC Our people. Their stories Menu Working at PwC Reward and benefits Menu Working at PwC Wellbeing at PwC Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Our people, their stories. Our people, their stories. Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Loading Results No Match Found View All Results Trusted leadership. Distinctive outcomes. The behaviours we look for The need for change In a rapidly changing world, one thing is becoming increasingly clear; to meet the changing expectations of our clients, our people and society, we must continue to evolve. We need to lead differently, develop new skills and ways of thinking to make this happen. The PwC Professional is designed to help bring this to life, ensuring we’re all living our values and demonstrating the behaviours needed to deliver our global strategy. Focussed on two dimensions, Trusted Leadership and Distinctive Outcomes, the PwC Professional outlines the behaviours that apply to all of us. It recognises that how we deliver is just as important as what we deliver, so that we can be the best at what we do. The behaviours apply across all grades and are key in helping us deliver sustained outcomes. They’re also designed to help our people better understand how our purpose, strategy, and values fit together - where our purpose grounds our existence, our strategy directs our focus and our values (supported by our Code of Conduct) guide our actions. What this means for our people What this means for you Trusted Leadership Distinctive Outcomes What this means for our people Against the backdrop of ongoing disruption, we’ll be equipping our people with the human and technical skills, learning opportunities and coaching that will help them to adapt and grow more quickly than ever before. It’s about how we inspire, empower and evolve ourselves and each other to demonstrate we’re trusted leaders, and take personal responsibility to champion, build and deliver quality in everything we do to deliver distinctive outcomes. These changes will better develop and equip us with the behaviours we need to reach our full potential. We’ll support each other, embedding these behaviours in our culture so that we can continue building an experience that differentiates us from the rest, for now and for years to come. What this means for you We look for people to join us who are great at what they do, and can bring our behaviours to life in how they do it. The PwC Professional framework is made up of two core dimensions and three core behaviours sit beneath each of these dimensions; Trusted Leadership and Distinctive Outcomes. Trusted Leadership Do you inspire, empower and evolve yourself and others? Inspire - I understand my impact and people want to work with me. Empower - I coach and work side by side with others. Evolve - I grow as a person and guide us into the future. Distinctive Outcomes Do you take personal responsibility to champion, build and deliver quality in everything you do? Champion - I commit to quality, integrity and inclusive behaviour. Build - I apply a business mindset to my work to increase PwC's success. Deliver - I collaborate across PwC to deliver quality and distinctive client experiences. Before applying Before applying for an opportunity at PwC, we suggest you consider each of these behaviours and how you have brought these to life in your previous roles. As an organisation, we need to be accountable for hiring the leaders and professionals we need. We're helping our clients to navigate the really interesting world we now live in and at the heart of making that happen, we need to lead and act through our PwC Professional behaviours. Do what you say and say what you do is important at any level, creating a genuine and real environment to work in. If you’re successful in securing a role with us, you’ll use the PwC Professional as a guide to underpin your behaviours in the workplace, as well as setting your expectations of how others will behave. You’ll be part of a culture that celebrates diversity, encourages curiosity, empowers colleagues to evolve and develop, and supports all employees to deliver the best outcomes they can. Application support Our application experience Assessments - What to expect Applying with a disability Work permit Frequently asked questions Recruitment agencies Join our Talent Community Sign up today From entry level to experienced professionals Search jobs Follow PwC UK Careers Working at PwC Inclusion Reward and benefits Discover our UK offices Our People. Their Stories. Talent Community Alumni Our Business Actuarial Audit Consulting Deals Business Solutions Legal Operate Risk Tax Technology Early Careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Event search Job search Employability hub Training and development Applying and FAQs Experienced Careers Our job search Careers toolkit Applying Partner Recruitment Flexible and contractor Our job search Flexible careers Contractor careers Join our Talent Community Your account © 2020 - 2026 PwC. All rights reserved. PwC refers to the PwC network and/or one or more of its member firms, each of which is a separate legal entity. Please see www.pwc.com/structure for further details. Privacy Statement Cookies info Legal Disclaimer About Site Provider Provision of Services Diversity Web Accessibility