2027 Summer Internship Program - EMEA - BlackRock Skip to content Careers at BlackRock Login or Register Home Career Opportunities Early Careers Events Where do I fit in? Help Center Login or Register 2027 Summer Internship Program - EMEA Region EMEA Countries Belgium, Denmark, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Netherlands, Saudi Arabia, Serbia, Sweden, Switzerland, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom Cities Amsterdam, Belgrade, Brussels, Budapest, Copenhagen, Edinburgh, Frankfurt, London, Milan, Paris, Riyadh, Stockholm, Zurich Recruitment Year 2027 Program Summer Internship Program Job description Our Summer Internship Programme is an eight-week internship taking place June through August. This programme is designed to provide students with a challenging, meaningful and supportive internship experience that replicates, as closely as possible, the experience of being a full-time BlackRock Analyst. The programme begins with an orientation that offers a thorough overview of the firm and the opportunity to hear from a number of senior leaders. Following orientation, interns receive on-the-job training and are given day-to-day responsibilities to contribute to their teams throughout the summer. Programming also features a speaker series, mentoring and various networking opportunities, including activities with our employee networks. If you enjoy this programme, you should explore our Full-Time Analyst Programme, which you can consider applying to after your internship. Who can apply: Candidates should be in their penultimate year of studies and graduating from an undergraduate or a master’s degree program in 2028. We welcome applications from candidates studying any degree subject. Please note local language fluency is required to work at our Continental Europe locations. However, only English is required for Budapest or for a position within Private Markets Investing in Zurich Important: Candidates can apply for only one programme (e.g., Summer Internship Programme or Quantitative Master’s Internship Programme) and up to two functions within that programme (e.g., Investment Research and Analytics & Modeling). You must apply for both opportunities using the same programme application. If you withdraw your application, you cannot submit another application this program this year. Next steps: Once you submit your application, you will receive an email to complete a pre-interview assessment. You have up to five days to submit your pre-interview assessment; if you fail to do so, your application will be automatically withdrawn. Application Deadlines: London, Edinburgh, Paris, Zurich – 30 September 2026 Milan, Amsterdam – 30 October 2026 Budapest, Belgrade, Frankfurt, Munich, Copenhagen – 13 November 2026 Abu Dhabi, Kuwait, Riyadh – 31 January 2027 Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis so we encourage you to apply early. We look forward to reviewing your application! EU Pay Transparency Directive: View the EMEA 2027 Internship Salary Ranges document to view the salary ranges for applicable business areas and locations. BlackRock is an Equal Opportunities Employer and is committed to hiring and treating all employees fairly. View Privacy Policy Connect with us Life at BlackRock Our Teams Students Our Locations Search Jobs Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Business Continuity © 2026 BlackRock, Inc. All rights reserved. BlackRock is proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity to all applicants and existing employees and we evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, creed, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity/expression), sexual orientation, age, ancestry, physical or mental disability, marital status, political affiliation, religion, citizenship status, genetic information, veteran status, or any other basis protected under applicable federal, state, or local law. View the EEO is the Law poster here and its supplement here . The pay transparency policy is available here . BlackRock is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to Disability.Assistance@blackrock.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.