Skip to main content The programme Company Partners Recruitment process Success stories Apply Contact us Sign in Graduate Engineering Engagement Programme Home The programme Partners Recruitment process Success stories Apply Contact us © Copyright 2022. All rights reserved | Privacy policy | Terms and conditions | Cookie policy Sorry, something went wrong and this page has stopped responding. Reload the page to carry on. 🗙 Skip to main content The programmeCompany PartnersRecruitment processSuccess storiesApplyContact us Sign in Graduate Engineering Engagement Programme 2026 Graduate Engineering Engagement ProgrammeAre you ready to supercharge your engineering journey and secure a brighter future? The Royal Academy of Engineering (The Academy) is excited to introduce a transformative 9-month programme designed to enhance your employability and open doors to endless possibilities in the world of engineering. Apply now Opportunity details EmployerRoyal Academy of EngineeringLocationHybridSectorTechnologyLevelWork PreparationDate Posted13/08/2026Closing Date19/10/2026About this opportunity Graduate Engineering Engagement Programme Empower your engineering journey with the Graduate Engineering Engagement Programme (GEEP). Applications are now open for the next round of GEEP participants, a nationwide 9-month employability programme focused on supporting engineering students and recent graduates from under-represented groups into engineering employment. What is GEEP? The Graduate Engineering Engagement Programme, developed by the Royal Academy of Engineering, aims to empower engineering students and recent graduates from underrepresented backgrounds. GEEP is designed to bridge the gap between academic learning and real-world engineering experiences, equipping participants with the skills, knowledge and connections needed to excel in their engineering careers. What can you expect from the programme? Through a carefully crafted curriculum, immersive workshops, one-on-one mentorship and direct access to a network of over 20 industry-leading engineering partners, GEEP provides a unique platform for growth and development. You’ll spend approximately 2 hours a week on the programme. When you join GEEP, you embark on a transformative journey that includes: Career support – Join workshops that enhance your employability skills, covering areas such as presentation and networking skills, CV writing, interview preparation and corporate awareness. You’ll receive personalised career guidance to chart your path to success. One-to-one mentoring – You will have the opportunity to develop a meaningful mentoring relationship with an experienced engineer with interests that link with yours. Your mentor will guide you as you build your skills and create a strategic career plan. Networking opportunities – Connect directly with over 20 of the UK’s leading engineering employers and gain access to internships, work placements, shadowing opportunities and even full-time positions. What is expected from candidates on programme? Attend a minimum of 4 events (including 1 in-person) throughout the programme. Attend a virtual career development one-to-one with the GEEP team. Complete and submit all professional development materials required. Complete all monitoring and tracking surveys throughout the programme. What’s in it for you? By participating in GEEP, you’ll take steps to improve your career prospects. You’ll do this through: Skills development – Enhance your employability skills and corporate awareness, making you a sought-after candidate in the competitive engineering job market. Confidence building ­– Boost your confidence and ability to navigate professional networks, giving you the edge in networking and building valuable connections. Career advancement – Gain the skills and knowledge needed to pursue a rewarding career in engineering, with the support of industry experts and mentors. Unique insights – Learn how to identify and capitalise on opportunities in the engineering field, setting the stage for a successful and fulfilling career. RequirementsTo be eligible for the GEEP programme, you must meet the following criteria: Be an engineering student in your second year or above, or a recent engineering graduate from a UK university.Be a UK national or have been granted indefinite leave to remain (ILR), also known as settlement. Please note that if you are currently holding a student or graduate visa, you are not eligible for this programme. Individuals who have the right to live and work in the UK for at least one year after their application and are on a route that can lead to ILR or settlement (such as, pre-settled status, refugee status) might be considered eligible.Either identify as Black, Asian or other minority ethnic background; OR identify as a woman; OR be from a non-Russell Group (RG) university; OR be from a socio-economically disadvantaged background; OR have special or additional learning needs; OR be in care/a care leaver; OR are/have been a carerReady to apply? Sign in to apply. You'll need to have completed the GEEP Work Experience Programme first. Sign in to apply Graduate Engineering Engagement Programme Home The programme Partners Recruitment process Success stories Apply Contact us © Copyright 2022. All rights reserved | Privacy policy | Terms and conditions | Cookie policy Sorry, something went wrong and this page has stopped responding. Reload the page to carry on. 🗙