Skip to main contentThis website uses cookies Strictly necessary cookies: These are required to allow the site to function properly and to enable successful communication between the site and visitors: “Session management cookies” (for timing out inactive sessions) “Routing cookies” (to ensure consistency of service) “Application Security Management (ASM) cookies” (to protect the site from security attacks). All cookies expire at the end of your session. Non-essential cookies: These are used to collect statistics for analyzing how the website is used: “Appcast Pixels tracking” (to track the source of submitted job-applications); Collects IP address (truncated/anonymized immediately upon collection for storage) and “User agent string” (device information/no personal data; Type of device, operating system, browser etc.). Click “Accept Cookies” to accept the non-essential cookies (and go directly to the site) or click “Decline” to reject the non-essential cookies. For more details on the cookies in use and how your personal data is being processed, please review our Recruiting Privacy Policy. Read Full Privacy MessageDeclineAccept CookiesEquinor CareersEnglishSign InCareer SiteSearch for JobsSummer Internship 2027 UK - Market Analysis & Trading page is loadedSummer Internship 2027 UK - Market Analysis & TradingApplylocationsLondon, Great Britaintime typeFull timeposted onPosted Todayjob requisition idJR107239Important! To make sure your application is considered, please submit it before the end of the day on (dd.mm.yyyy):15.10.2026We encourage candidates to apply as soon as possible.What does the internship involve?If you’re a student interested in a career in Equinor, our summer internship enables you to gain highly relevant hands-on experience in your chosen discipline. Our goal is to invest in the next generations. The internship will give you a broad understanding of our operations and strategy across all our key areas: oil, gas, renewables and low carbon solutions. What’s more, it will give you the experience and skills you need in your studies and future career. We believe that the future belongs to those who can transform the way we power the world and hope you will help us achieve that.Discipline Insights: This year we are recruiting for the following disciplines: Market Analysis & Trading (London) To learn more about our programme visit: https://www.equinor.com/careers/finance-and-trading Here's what we expect from you:We welcome a diverse range of backgrounds to our summer internship programme, valuing a blend of skills and academic achievements. However, there are specific qualities and requirements we consider essential for success:Qualities:•You identify with the values that guide our decisions and help us succeed and grow; open, collaborative, courageous and caring.•You live by our safety and security expectations, contributing to our zero-harm culture.•You communicate well, facilitate collaboration, influence stakeholders, and contribute to a diverse and inclusive culture.•You adapt to change, embrace new technology, and perform in a digitally enabled environment.•You demonstrate a curious mind and the ability to solve problems, innovate, and identify new ways of delivering on our objectives.•You have a global mindset and navigate well in multicultural environments.Skills and Academic Requirements:•You are currently studying for a bachelor’s degree, master's or Ph.D. and you have a good academic record•You are fluent in English•You have no more than two years of relevant full-time work experience•You have completed at least two years of higher education before the internship starts•You have at least one year of higher education left after the internship ends•Extracurricular activities and/or voluntary work are an advantage.What we can offer youA summer internship is an ideal opportunity for you to get to know Equinor, our people, culture, and the way we work.During your internship you will: • Work on real tasks and projects together with your team • Learn from industry experts within you field of study • Join learning sessions covering our business areas, the energy markets and our strategy • Engage in development sessions designed to support your personal growth and career development • Grow your network and build relationships across Equinor • Get a clearer view of your future career path in a leading energy companyIt is not just an internship, it is a chance to explore what the future of energy could look like, and your role in shaping it. Equal opportunities for everyoneEquinor is an equal-opportunity employer. We make all employment decisions, which includes hiring, promotion, transfer, demotion, termination and training, without regard to race, colour, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, marital status, parental status, veteran status, or any other protected status. As part of this commitment, reasonable adjustments will be made during the recruitment process for candidates with disabilities or long-term health conditions. If you have any specific requirements, please clarify this in your application and our team will be in contact to see how we can support your needs.We also believe everyone should be paid fairly and consistently for their contribution to our collective success. To ensure fairness and transparency, positions at Equinor are evaluated using our global job architecture based on the position’s responsibilities, complexity, and impact, and regularly reviewed to ensure consistency and alignment across the organisation.Important notes about your application process1. Prepare your application documents When applying, please make sure you have the following documents ready: • CV / résumé in English Your CV should clearly present your education, experience, and skills. Please also review our guidance on what to include in your CV here. • Official transcript(s) of records You must upload official transcripts showing all completed higher education courses and grades. If you have studied at more than one university or programme, please include all transcripts from all higher education institutions. Transcripts must be provided in English or a Scandinavian language. • If you are still studying Please upload an unofficial or temporary transcript of your current studies.⚠️ Applications submitted without the required documents cannot be considered. 2. Important information about transcripts and gradingAs part of the application, you will be asked to provide your average grade.This must be supported by your official transcripts of records. Please ensure that all relevant transcripts are available before starting your application, as they will be used to verify your academic results. 3. Application integrity and accounts To ensure a fair and transparent recruitment process, each candidate is allowed to have only one account. Creating multiple accounts, resubmitting applications after rejection, or attempting to bypass assessment results in disqualification of all related applications. If you need to correct or update your application, please contact us via the contact form. 4. Communication and email settings To make sure you receive all updates about your application, please add f_workday_eq@equinor.com to your safe senders or whitelist in your email settings. If your email provider allows it, adding the entire domain @equinor.com is recommended. 5. Background checks and transparencyYou are expected to openly offer all relevant information about yourself during the recruitment process. All temporary hires will be screened using relevant sanctions lists to ensure compliance with sanctions laws. 6. Work location and relocationIt is also important to note that as interns are expected to carry out their daily work within their country of employment. Please also be aware that we do not provide relocation support for summer internship. 7. Right to work and employment eligibility You must make sure you have the necessary work permit for the country to which you are applying. Your work permit must be valid at the point of application and for the duration of your employment. Please note that Equinor does not support, or sponsor work permits or visas for internship applications. If you want to know more about your right to work, please refer to policies of the national authorities in the country where you intend to seek employment.About the internshipLearn more about the summer internship programmeDiscover where you can workInternship FAQsAbout EquinorEquinor is an international energy company headquartered in Norway, energising the lives of 170 million people worldwide. Our ambition is to be a leading company in the energy transition and achieve net zero by 2050. Our task is enormous: supplying the world with the energy it needs, while lowering emissions to the atmosphere. To achieve it, we are looking for like-minded people to join our team of 25,000 colleagues working in more than 20 countries. We’re up for the challenge. Are you?Similar Jobs (5)Summer Internship 2027 US - Market Analysis & Tradinglocations2 Locationstime typeFull timeposted onPosted TodaySummer Internship Programme 2027 Norway - Finance & Tradinglocations3 Locationstime typeFull timeposted onPosted TodaySummer Internship Programme 2027 Norway - Strategy & Managementlocations5 Locationstime typeFull timeposted onPosted TodayView All 5 JobsAbout usEquinor is an international energy company headquartered in Norway, energising the lives of 170 million people worldwide. Our ambition is to be a leading company in the energy transition and achieve net zero by 2050. Our task is enormous: supplying the world with the energy it needs, while lowering emissions to the atmosphere. To achieve it, we are looking for like-minded people to join our team of 25,000 colleagues working in more than 20 countries. We’re up for the challenge. Are you?Read MoreOur historyFollow Us© 2026 Workday, Inc. All rights reserved.