2027 Operations Summer Analyst Programme (Glasgow) - Morgan Stanley Campus We and our partners use cookies and similar tools (“Cookies”) as necessary to provide digital services and for additional “Optional” purposes, such as for analytics, performance, functionality (such as search functionality), and marketing purposes (including targeted advertising). Please click “Accept Optional Cookies” to consent to Optional Cookies, “Reject Optional Cookies” to disable Optional Cookies. For more information, please review our Cookie Policy . Accept Optional Cookies I accept the cookie policy Reject Optional Cookies I would like to opt out of cookies Read more about our cookie policy Skip to content Login Register Toggle navigation Home Global Programs Campus Events Help Center 2027 Operations Summer Analyst Programme (Glasgow) City Glasgow Education Level Bachelor's Degree Business Unit Operations Job description 2027 Operations Summer Analyst The Operations Division at Morgan Stanley is the front line of defence for the Firm's financial and operational well-being and works closely with almost all departments in order to safeguard the Firm's reputation and franchise. Operations partners with Sales & Trading, Finance, Legal, and Technology to execute the Firm's institutional, retail, and asset management businesses. As the Firm continues to evolve, Operations plays a critical role in driving innovation, automation, and process transformation to ensure Morgan Stanley remains resilient, scalable, and future-ready. In addition to supporting and settling critical daily transactions, our teams challenge existing ways of working, leverage data and emerging technologies, and identify opportunities to improve client outcomes, operational efficiency, and risk management. Summer Analysts will have opportunities to contribute ideas, participate in transformation initiatives, and work on real business challenges where innovative thinking and continuous improvement are encouraged. Training Programme The 13-week Operations Summer Analyst Programme is aimed at students in their 2nd or 3rd year of university and commences in June. Summer Analysts start their Internship Programme with participation in a Firmwide Induction Week covering the overview of Morgan Stanley’s businesses, structure, and strategy. Throughout the induction days there will be classroom-based training covering product and industry knowledge, soft skills, and teambuilding activities. Throughout the Internship Programme, in addition to on-the-job training, Summer Analysts will also take part in networking events, training sessions hosted by different teams and work-shadowing. Responsibilities Trade Support & Reconciliation - Learn key processes in the life cycle of a trade, from deal capture to final settlement, to identifying and resolving breaks and discrepancies. Evaluate existing processes and identify opportunities to simplify workflows, reduce manual activity, and improve controls. Data Analysis & Reporting - Use data to generate insights, challenge assumptions, and recommend actions that drive meaningful business outcomes. Projects & Systems Testing - Take part in projects and initiatives, and use systems to efficiently mitigate risk, whilst developing relationships with Technology to design, develop, and implement solutions to business requirements. Team Collaboration - Work with team members at all levels, contributing ideas, sharing knowledge, and constructively challenging existing practices to drive better outcomes . Build relationships across functions to influence change and deliver improvements, share market and systems knowledge, issue follow-ups and escalations, and create best practices. Client Relationship Development - Understand the priorities of stakeholders to ensure business needs are met, adhere to and protect client confidentiality, and ensure top quality client experience. Innovation & Continuous Improvement - Identify opportunities to simplify processes, enhance controls, improve client experience, or introduce new ways of working. Present recommendations and contribute to implementation of change initiatives. *Salary is competitive with excellent benefits. Qualifications/ Skills/ Requirements You are an undergraduate student who has outstanding academic achievements and are on track for a 2.1 honours degree or equivalent. You have excellent leadership, inter-personal, and strong verbal and written communications skills. You pay close attention to detail, have analytical and problem-solving skills, and can understand and evaluate complex information quickly. You demonstrate curiosity, adaptability, and a desire to continuously learn and embrace change. You are a team player and are client-service oriented. The application deadline for this position is 15 November 2026. Please note, we recruit on a rolling basis therefore encourage early Morgan Stanley is an equal opportunity employer committed to building and maintaining a workforce that is diverse in experience and background. Our recruiting efforts reflect our strong commitment to a culture of inclusion, where individuals are hired, developed, and advanced based on their skills and talents. Our workforce reflects a broad cross-section of the global communities in which we operate, bringing a variety of backgrounds, talents, perspectives, and experiences. For more information, please visit: https://www.morganstanley.com/people-opportunities/eeo . Job Level Summer Analyst Program Summer Analyst View cookie / data protection and privacy policy twitter linkedin youtube Disclosures Investor Relations Corporate Governance Newsroom Careers © 2026 Morgan Stanley. All rights reserved. Your Privacy Choices Terms of Use Contact Us Global Offices Equal Employment Opportunity