Postgraduate and further study | targetjobs targetjobs Skip to content Jobs All jobs & opportunities Graduate jobs & schemes All graduate jobs & schemes Accounting Banking Business & management Charity & public sector Construction & property Consulting Creative arts & design Engineering Finance Hospitality, sport, leisure & tourism HR IT Marketing, advertising & PR Media & journalism Medical & healthcare Procurement & supply chain Sales, retail & commercial services Science & R&D Surveying Teaching & education Internships All internships Accounting internships Engineering internships Finance internships IT internships Investment banking internships Law Graduate jobs Pupillages Training contracts Vacation schemes Placements Popular locations Belfast Birmingham Bristol Cardiff Edinburgh Leeds London Manchester Advice Getting started I'm looking for ideas Getting started Careers guides & directories Job descriptions Explore career options School leavers I'm looking for a job Finding a job CV & cover letter templates CVs, applications & tests Interviews & assessment centres Job offers & working life Internships Apply with confidence Advice by sector Accountancy, banking & finance Business, consulting & management Charity Construction & property Creative arts, media & design Engineering HR & recruitment Healthcare Hospitality & event management Information Technology Law Marketing, advertising & PR Public services & administration Retail Sales Teaching & education Science & research Travel & tourism Short courses Search advice Employers See who's hiring UK 300 most popular employers Search employers Events targetjobs events & competitions Festival of Law New Undergraduate of the Year Awards Webinars & partner events Search events Study Develop your skills Skills for getting a job Course providers Postgraduate study Pathways GradSims AI Tools Search Log in Post a job Postgraduate study Explore postgraduate courses and providers, get advice on whether a masters is right for you and learn the secrets of a successful application. Search all course providers Jump to: Is postgraduate study for you? Application success Funding your masters Teaching, law and STEM Discover further study providers Is postgraduate study for you? The first step into postgraduate study is usually a masters or a shorter postgraduate certificate (PGCert) or postgraduate diploma (PGDip) course. You can browse universities and course providers on targetjobs if you are ready to explore your options. But undertaking further study is a big commitment and so it’s worth taking the time to think about whether it is right for you. It is a good next step if you want to ‘convert’ to a career needing a specific academic background or vocational training, or if you want a career in academia. It can also be a good next step if you are passionate about a subject and want to learn more – or if you want to acquire specific skills. But if you are only doing it because you are not sure what else to do, you may find that the expense outweighs the benefits. Why do postgrad? Applying for further study Application success In most cases, you apply directly to the course provider or university via an application form (teaching and law are notable exceptions). On your application form, you can expect to be asked for your standard biographical, educational and work experience details – but the key section is your personal statement. Here is where you write about your passion for the subject, how the course would help you achieve your ambitions, why you particularly want to study at this institution and why you would make a good student. For some courses, such as in journalism or nursing, you may also need to submit a portfolio and/or attend an interview. Read our quick tips for application success and then go on to our advice about choosing your referees . Student finances Funding your masters Depending on the institution and your mode of study, a masters will cost UK students somewhere between £4,000 and £23,000 (PGCerts and PGDips less). Many students take a postgraduate loan from the government − they are available at both masters and doctorate level (PGCerts and PGDips aren’t eligible). But do seek out scholarships, bursaries and grants. For example, the UK government offers scholarships and bursaries in areas such as teaching and healthcare; the Inns of Court offer them for aspiring barristers; and many universities and charities offer grants to particular student cohorts, such as students with disabilities or those facing economic hardship. It’s worth noting, too, that some employers will fund a conversion course if you agree to work for them afterwards. Popular areas of study Teaching, law and STEM Teaching Law STEM Those who can… teach There are several routes to gaining qualified teaching status – a PGCE (postgraduate certificate in education) is arguably the most well-known, but not the only one. View all advice Overview of your postgraduate teacher training options Training and progression Are you considering a PGCE, PGDE, SCITT, School Direct or Teach First programme? Do you want to teach children in the early years? Find out about the different types of teacher training programmes that lead to qualified teacher status and how to apply. In Partnership with AGCAS Teaching & education + 4 Save The University of Law Follow More law students have chosen The University of Law than any other UK university in 2022*. *HESA 2021/22. Find out more Discover further study providers Research leading further and postgraduate study providers in the UK. Search all course providers FAQs How early should I apply for a postgraduate degree in the UK? What is the difference between a masters, PGCert and PGDip? Is a masters worth it? Further study Search further study More careers advice Browse by category Advice for school leavers Discover the world of options open to you on finishing school or college and get tips on how to make the right decision for you. CVs, applications and tests Find the tools and tips you need to help you apply for graduate jobs or internships. We cover every aspect of the application process, from writing a CV to answering online application questions and sitting psychometric tests. Career ideas Find advice for figuring out your dream career, including what options are available to you after graduating and how to choose the right graduate role. Finding a job Finding a job isn’t always as easy as it sounds. Here we help you to jump potential hurdles, giving essential advice for home and international students: from applying in tough economic times to getting a top graduate job with a 2.2. Internships Completing an internship allows you to sharpen your skills, improve your CV, prepare for the world of work and potentially land yourself a graduate job. Discover what internships actually involve, how to apply for them and how to make the most of them.  Interviews and assessment centres You impressed on paper; now it’s time to show the employer in person that you’re the right hire. Learn how to do this with our expert advice for answering interview questions, developing interview techniques and acing assessment centre exercises. Job descriptions Discover the qualifications, skills and experience you’ll need for more than 300 job roles and find one you’ll love. Job offers and working life Job offers, rejection emails and stepping into the working world with your first graduate job can pull you in a million directions. Fortunately, we’ve curated advice on how to accept job offers, bounce back from rejection and make an impact in your first job. Skills for getting a job Discover the skills that major graduate employers seek and how you can demonstrate them on your application form, and at interviews and assessment centres. University life Wanting to leave uni with a degree is a given. But what do you want from the other bits of student life? Discover how to combine study, rest, work and play with our insights from students and graduates. advice by sector Which career interests you? Accountancy, banking and finance Business, consulting and management Charity Construction and property Creative arts, media and design Engineering HR and recruitment Healthcare Hospitality and event management Information technology Law Marketing, advertising and PR Public services and administration Retail Sales Science Teaching Travel and tourism targetjobs We've got you Get the latest jobs, internships, careers advice, courses and graduate events based on what's important to you. Start connecting directly with top employers today. Join targetjobs targetjobs Legal Legal Privacy policy Terms and conditions for employers Terms and conditions for students About our cookies Manage cookie settings Accessibility GTI Sites GTI Sites targetjobsawards.co.uk undergraduateoftheyear.com targetapprenticeships.co.uk gradireland.com cibyl.com groupgti.com Useful Links Useful Links About us Sitemap Graduate jobs & schemes Organisation A-Z Career advisers - how to get involved Are you hiring? Careers guides and publications CV and covering letter templates Follow Us Follow Us Facebook LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Instagram TikTok © Copyright 2026 GTI Futures Ltd. Registered in England No. 2347472. First Floor, 240 Blackfriars Road, London, SE1 8NW, UK. v1.6.103