Oaktree Capital's Philanthropy Opens in a new window Opens an external site Opens an external site in a new window About About Oaktree Investment Philosophy Business Principles Leadership Strategies Credit Equity Real Estate Responsibility Sustainability Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy Insights Investors Public Investors Brookfield Oaktree Holdings, LLC ( f/k/a Oaktree Capital Group, LLC) Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation Other Investors Brookfield Private Wealth Oaktree Acquisition Corporation Oaktree Diversified Income Fund Inc. (ODIDX) Oaktree Emerging Markets Equity Fund (OEQIX) Oaktree Real Estate Income Oaktree SICAV Funds Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund 17Capital Investor Login Client Portal Login Brookfield Oaktree Holdings, LLC Tax Package Careers Contact Us Login | Investors Public Investors Brookfield Oaktree Holdings, LLC ( f/k/a Oaktree Capital Group, LLC) Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation Other Investors Brookfield Private Wealth Oaktree Acquisition Corporation Oaktree Diversified Income Fund Inc. (ODIDX) Oaktree Emerging Markets Equity Fund (OEQIX) Oaktree Real Estate Income Oaktree SICAV Funds Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund 17Capital Investor Login Client Portal Login Brookfield Oaktree Holdings, LLC Tax Package Careers Contact Us Login Close Search Philanthropy Follow Us $13M+ Donated* 400+ Volunteer Opportunities* 4,400+ Employee Matches* Oaktree has a long-standing tradition of supporting local communities through grassroots efforts. Our Communities Matter (OCM), Oaktree's employee-centric program designed to dedicate resources to meaningful initiatives around the world, creates lasting positive impact in the communities in which we live and operate. OCM empowers Oaktree employees to give back to local causes they believe are most in need. Our intention is to facilitate a variety of local, employee-led volunteering opportunities and company-sponsored gifting programs throughout the year, as well as sponsor ad hoc events in partnership with our Employee Resource Groups such as Oaktree Pride, the Women’s Leadership Council and Oaktree Abilities. Volunteering Giving Volunteering Local, grassroots organizations that matter to our employees are the backbone of Oaktree’s OCM volunteer program. OCM has supported over 90 activities since 2015, with hundreds of Oaktree staff dedicating their time and resources to give back to important causes such as healthcare, human services, food security or environmental efforts. Giving Through OCM, Oaktree is committed to providing substantial financial support through donations and sponsorships each year to support a wide range of important causes such as Covid-19 and environmental disaster relief. In addition to firm-wide OCM giving initiatives, Oaktree encourages its employees to offer support to organizations that matter most to them through its ongoing Employee Matching programs. Watch Oaktree participate in: Video Sep 11, 2025 NYC 9/11 Memorial Stair Climb Watch Video Jun 11, 2025 Tour de Pier Watch Video Oct 7, 2024 Wags & Walks Watch Video Oct 17, 2023 London Abseiling Watch Video May 31, 2023 Bronx is Blooming Watch Video Dec 20, 2022 A Sense of Home Watch Video Oct 18, 2022 Walk-N-Roll for Spina Bifida Watch Video Sep 10, 2021 Oaktree Abilities Watch Video May 13, 2020 Covid-19 Relief Watch Video Dec 3, 2019 Food from the Heart Watch Video Jun 5, 2019 Girls on the Run Watch Video Jan 7, 2019 Palace to Palace Watch Video Dec 11, 2018 AIDS Walk Los Angeles Watch Video Apr 26, 2018 Navy SEAL Foundation Watch Video Nov 9, 2017 Employee Matching Program Watch Video Sep 27, 2017 The Painted Turtle Watch Video May 22, 2017 New York Common Pantry Watch Video Oct 24, 2016 River Thames Clean-up Watch Video Aug 24, 2016 KIPP School Beautification Watch Video Jul 21, 2016 HandsOn Hong Kong – Soap Recycling Watch Video Nov 4, 2015 Habitat for Humanity Watch Video Nov 4, 2015 Children’s Hospital of LA – Malibu Triathlon Watch Video Nov 3, 2015 Boys & Girls Club of Pasadena – Build-A-Bike Watch Video Nov 3, 2015 Heal the Bay Watch Video Nov 3, 2015 J.P. Morgan Chase Corporate Challenge Watch Video Nov 3, 2015 Pasadena Humane Society’s Wiggle Waggle Walk Watch Video Nov 3, 2015 Ketchum-Downtown YMCA Stair Climb Watch * Since inception of OCM in 2015; Figures as of December 31, 2025. Important Notice You are leaving the Oaktree website and are being redirected to a third-party website. This link is being provided as a convenience and does not constitute an endorsement or approval by Oaktree of any products, services, or opinions of the corporation, organization or individual. Your access to, and use of, this website will be subject to the applicable Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Use of Cookies. OK Cancel Important Notice You are leaving the Oaktree website and are being redirected to a third-party website. This link is being provided as a convenience and does not constitute an endorsement or approval by Oaktree of any products, services, or opinions of the corporation, organization or individual. Your access to, and use of, this website will be subject to the applicable Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Use of Cookies. The statements in this video represent the opinions of the individual speaker. This video does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to purchase any security. Any investment involves substantial risks including complete loss of capital. There can be no assurance that Oaktree will be able to implement the strategy described herein or, if implemented, it will lead to successful results. There can be no assurance Oaktree will be able to maintain the advantages discussed herein over time, or outperform third parties or the financial markets generally. Certain information contained in the video constitutes “forward-looking statements,” which can be identified by the use of terms such as “may,” “will,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “estimates” or comparable terminology. Forward looking statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including without limitation changes in economic conditions, political changes, legal and regulatory requirements, interest rate fluctuations, as well as changes in the markets, prospects and competition. There can be no assurance historical trends will continue. OK Cancel About About Oaktree Investment Philosophy Business Principles Leadership Strategies Credit Equity Real Estate Responsibility Sustainability Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy Insights Memos from Howard Marks Market Commentary Education Press Public Investors Brookfield Oaktree Holdings, LLC ( f/k/a Oaktree Capital Group, LLC) Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation Other Investors Brookfield Private Wealth Oaktree Acquisition Corporation Oaktree Diversified Income Fund Inc. (ODIDX) Oaktree Emerging Markets Equity Fund (OEQIX) Oaktree Real Estate Income Oaktree SICAV Funds Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund 17Capital Public Investors Brookfield Oaktree Holdings, LLC ( f/k/a Oaktree Capital Group, LLC) Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation Other Investors Brookfield Private Wealth Oaktree Acquisition Corporation Oaktree Diversified Income Fund Inc. (ODIDX) Oaktree Emerging Markets Equity Fund (OEQIX) Oaktree Real Estate Income Oaktree SICAV Funds Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund 17Capital Brookfield Careers Contact Us Login © 2007- Oaktree Capital Management, L.P. All rights reserved. Securities offered through OCM Investments, LLC (Member FINRA), a subsidiary of Oaktree Capital Management, L.P. Terms and Conditions Fraud and Phishing Privacy Policy Cookie Settings Disclosures