Job Application for IDI Summer 2027 Internship at Man Group Back to jobs IDI Summer 2027 Internship London Apply About Man Group Man Group is a global alternative investment management firm focused on pursuing outperformance for sophisticated clients via our Systematic, Discretionary and Solutions offerings. Powered by talent and advanced technology, our single and multi-manager investment strategies are underpinned by deep research and span public and private markets, across all major asset classes, with a significant focus on alternatives. Man Group takes a partnership approach to working with clients, establishing deep connections and creating tailored solutions to meet their investment goals and those of the millions of retirees and savers they represent. Headquartered in London, we manage $253.6 billion* and operate across multiple offices globally. Man Group plc is listed on the London Stock Exchange under the ticker EMG.LN and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index. Further information can be found at www.man.com At Man Group, we respect your privacy and we are committed to protecting and safeguarding your Personal Data. We have developed policies and processes which are designed to provide for the security and integrity of your Personal Data. We are committed to Processing your Personal Data fairly and lawfully, and being open and transparent about such Processing. For further information on how we process your data, please see the privacy notice for applicants here. * As at 30 June 2026 About the Summer Internship Programme Successful candidates for the Summer Internship Programme will spend 12-weeks sat in AHL IDI. Within their allocated teams, interns will have the opportunity to understand a wide range of different strategies, investment approaches, and learn how their allocated business area fits within Man Group. Therefore, allowing the intern to develop a range of technical, analytical and soft skills. Please see additional details on each available business area below: AHL IDI: The AHL Investment and Data Implementation team is responsible for leading changes to and managing AHL’s quantitative models, systematic trading systems, and alternative and market data across all traded asset classes. The team collaborates closely with portfolio managers, quantitative research, product structuring, technology, and external counterparties to ensure the accurate implementation and launch of new research ideas, funds, and asset classes, as well as the smooth operation of the end-to-end systematic trading process. The open and collaborative nature of Man AHL makes it an ideal place to learn and develop an understanding of running a systematic hedge fund. Successful candidates in the 12-week internship will work on meaningful projects alongside experienced professionals, supported by a mentor to guide their development. The programme offers hands-on experience across key areas of the systematic investment process, testing both technical skills and critical thinking. Interns will contribute by defining and improving processes, using data analytics for insights, leveraging technology, and collaborating with other teams. Key skills required include a strong academic record in a technical field, organizational skills, programming skills in SQL and Python, attention to detail, and good communication skills. Please note that we are looking for penultimate year university students for this programme, and successful performance on the Internship Programme does not guarantee a confirmed place on a Graduate Programme. Please note that you must have the right to work in the UK to be eligible for this programme. Application Process Application Window: September Online Tests: October Technical Interviews: October/November Assessment Centre: October/November– Please note that candidates will be required to attend the assessment centre at our London Office. Programme Dates: 21st June 2027 – 10th September 2027 Inclusion, Work-Life Balance and Benefits at Man Group You'll thrive in our working environment that champions equality of opportunity. Your unique perspective will contribute to our success, joining a workplace where inclusion is fundamental and deeply embedded in our culture and values. Through our external and internal initiatives, partnerships and programmes, you'll find opportunities to grow, develop your talents, and help foster an inclusive environment for all across our firm and industry. Learn more at www.man.com/diversity . You'll have opportunities to make a difference through our charitable and global initiatives, while advancing your career through professional development, and with flexible working arrangements available too. Like all our people, you'll receive two annual 'Mankind' days of paid leave for community volunteering. Our comprehensive benefits package includes competitive holiday entitlements, pension/401k, life and long-term disability coverage, group sick pay, enhanced parental leave and long-service leave. Depending on your location, you may also enjoy additional benefits such as private medical coverage, discounted gym membership options and pet insurance. Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Man Group provides equal employment opportunities to all applicants and all employees without regard to race, color, creed, national origin, ancestry, religion, disability, sex, gender identity and expression, marital status, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, age or any other legally protected category or status in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. Man Group is a Disability Confident Committed employer; if you require help or information on reasonable adjustments as you apply for roles with us, please contact TalentAcquisition@man.com . Create a Job Alert Interested in building your career at Man Group? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email. Create alert Apply for this job * indicates a required field Autofill my application First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Will you be a penultimate-year student, graduating in 2028, with a degree in a subject with significant mathematical or computational content (e.g. Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Statistics or other disciplines involving technical and quantitative analysis techniques)? * Select... Which of the following programming languages or tools have you used in an academic or professional context? * Python SQL R MATLAB / Julia C++ / Java / C# Other (please specify) None of the above If you selected Python or SQL above, briefly describe a specific project or task where you used it. What problem were you solving * The IDI team sits at the intersection of quantitative research, portfolio management, and trading technology. In your own words, why does this kind of cross-functional implementation role appeal to you compared to a pure research or software engineering role? * Do you require a visa for the country in which you are applying for a role? * Select... What is your desired salary? * Have you previously worked at Man? * Select... UK Diversity Question Set We invite applicants to answer the following questions to allow us to better understand the demographics of our applicant pool. You are not required to answer these questions. Your decision to respond to this questionnaire is completely voluntary. No decisions regarding your application for employment (or, if you are hired, your employment) will be made based on your responses to these questions or, if applicable, on your decision not to respond to these questions. If you respond to these questions, your responses will be kept confidential and separate from any employment files, and anonymized and aggregated with the responses of other applicants. What is your Gender? Select... What is your Race / Ethnicity? Select... What is your Sexual Orientation? Select... What is your Religion? Select... Do you consider yourself to have a disability? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse