Finance, Risk And Restructuring For Enterprise Value Growth Skip to main content We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand Learn More search Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search Highlights Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search search Highlights menu close Finance, Risk, And Restructuring // . // Capabilities // Finance, Risk, And Restructuring What We Do What We Think Breakthroughs Solutions Who We Are What We Do Amid regulatory pressure, legal complexity, and rising stakeholder expectations, protecting and growing enterprise value is harder than ever. Our Finance, Risk, and Restructuring, team helps organizations respond to these challenges with solutions across capital and liquidity management, operational resilience, regulatory compliance, and business stabilization. We guide leaders on risk management, financial planning, crisis response, and business continuity. In periods of distress, we support shareholders, creditors, and management to stabilize businesses and reposition them for long-term value and growth. To reach net zero by 2050, deep operational change is essential. Our Climate and Sustainability team cut through climate complexity to unlock opportunities for people, planet, and profit — helping clients discover new value pools, create credible transition pathways, and respond to climate risk in ways that make decarbonization commercially compelling. By uniting deep expertise with cross-functional collaboration, we enable organizations to navigate constraints, strengthen performance, and achieve resilient, sustainable success. Our expertise Finance And Treasury Helping clients optimize finance and treasury with integrated planning, risk management, capital, liquidity, transformation, and digital tools. Turnaround And Restructuring Serving as an impartial and trusted adviser to companies and investors facing strategic, operational, and financial restructuring challenges. Risk Management Providing expert insight to help firms navigate and mitigate evolving risks that shape today’s industries and economies. Regulation And Compliance Helping clients meet regulatory demands with proven expertise, senior-level insight, and tailored solutions for compliance and organizational transformation. What We Think Load More We are sorry, we could not find any results. Please refine your search and try again. Breakthroughs Innovative Financing Solutions We worked with the UN Refugee Agency (UNHCR), to develop a unique fund that leverages the environmental benefits of reforestation and cookstove projects to generate income on the rising carbon credit market. The solution will deliver social and environmental impact at unprecedented scale and duration, saving millions of trees per year, providing much-needed income to refugees and host communities. Climate Vulnerability Assessment We helped a leading Australian bank develop climate risk assessment models for its largest clients to comply with new supervisory guidelines and climate reporting requirements. The models gave our client a new way to quantify climate risk, enabling it to better assess and price risk as climate risks increase. Innovative Financing Solutions We worked with the UN Refugee Agency (UNHCR), to develop a unique fund that leverages the environmental benefits of reforestation and cookstove projects to generate income on the rising carbon credit market. The solution will deliver social and environmental impact at unprecedented scale and duration, saving millions of trees per year, providing much-needed income to refugees and host communities. Climate Vulnerability Assessment We helped a leading Australian bank develop climate risk assessment models for its largest clients to comply with new supervisory guidelines and climate reporting requirements. The models gave our client a new way to quantify climate risk, enabling it to better assess and price risk as climate risks increase. Solutions 3D Carbon Accounting Climate Credit Analytics Supply Chain Risk Management With Sentrisk Bank Credit Risk Assessment Using IRB Nexus Who We Are Load More We are sorry, we could not find any results. Please refine your search and try again. Footer XF Risk and insurance Reinsurance and capital People and investments Management consulting We're a global professional service firm bringing together capabilities across risk, reinsurance and capital, people and investments, and management consulting — building the confidence to thrive through the power of perspective. Terms Of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Statement On Accessibility Manage Cookies © 2026 Oliver Wyman, LLC. All Rights Reserved.