Vacancy details - Royal Bank of Canada Skip to content Home Login Register Search vacancies Help Help centre Cookie policy Privacy statement Terms of use Vacancy details Details 2027 Summer Analyst - Real Estate Capital Partners Vacancy type Campus Role Summer Analyst Programme Corporate Banking Location London Intake Year 2027 Description 2027 Summer Analyst - Real Estate Capital Partners Application Deadline: Rolling; early application recommended. Please note you can only apply to one vacancy per intake year. Royal Bank of Canada is a premier investment bank that provides a focused set of products and services to institutions, corporations, governments and high net worth clients in over 100 countries. We understand that the first steps in any career in finance are critical. With that in mind, we have the right formula to provide you with the opportunities and professional development you need to turn those first steps into a rewarding career. You’ll be part of a company with a superior financial track record, credit rating and reputation. In fact, we maintained a high credit rating throughout the financial crisis. RBC Real Estate Capital Partners (RECP) is a leading provider of debt capital to premier real estate owners and sponsors. Our mandate includes the origination of mortgage and mezzanine loans secured by stabilized and transitional real estate assets, in all major commercial real estate product types, in the US, Europe and Australia. Since inception, RECP has participated in $108 billion of mortgage, mezzanine and loan-on-loan financings, holding $34 billion for its own balance sheet. Programme Details: RECP is seeking undergraduate or postgraduate students to join its London team for a 9 week Summer Analyst Programme and assist the team with the evaluation, underwriting and structuring of real estate financing transactions across Europe. Summer Analysts will be involved in all aspects of the team’s work, with a particular focus on financial analysis, valuation and market research. Summer Analysts will be embedded in the team and supported by a mentor. The Programme also provides the opportunity to attend industry events and presentations as well as RECP client and team social events, providing the Summer Analysts with opportunities to gain an insight into the industry and develop their networking skills. Roles and Responsibilities RECP’s Summer Analysts will: Gain a deeper understanding of the European commercial real estate investment market through their involvement with live transactions across various asset classes (including office, residential, industrial, hospitality and student housing) as well as through attending industry events and presentations; Participate in all stages of the origination of real estate debt transactions, from initial screening through to closing; Learn how to perform valuation analyses using various methodologies, including discounted cash flows and comparable transactions; Assist the team with financial analysis and modelling to evaluate properties and portfolios under various scenarios and to assess the viability of various capital structures; Prepare presentation materials for use in committee meetings; Complete a research project to be presented to the RECP team at the end of the Programme. Training & Development: Summer Analysts undergo a week of training led by professional instructors and members of RBC Capital Markets, designed to help them gain technical skills that will enable them to succeed on the desk and provide them with an opportunity to network with peers. Summer Analysts will then join the RECP desk for the following 8 weeks and benefit from on-the-job training throughout the Programme. The Programme also features a Speaker Series - regular information sessions given by our sector and product leadership. There are also several educational and social events throughout the Programme. Great care and resources have been devoted to ensure that at the end of the Programme you have a solid understanding of the elements necessary for a successful career in real estate finance. What do we look for? We seek undergraduate or postgraduate students going into the final year of their university courses with: An excellent academic track record; An interest in real estate finance and the financial industry (no prior real estate experience required); Excellent quantitative, analytical and communication skills; Proficiency in Word, PowerPoint and Excel; Willingness to assume a high level of responsibility; Initiative, determination, resourcefulness and a collaborative attitude; and A desire to contribute to a positive culture. Apply Privacy statement Opens in new window | Terms of use Opens in new window | Accessibility Opens in new window | Manage cookies © 2026 | v7.0.401.0 Opens in new window