Sales & Marketing Summer Internship 2027 - London - Fidelity International Skip to content FEEL FIDELITY Login | Register Toggle navigation Home Early Careers Programmes Early Careers Events Register Your Interest Help Centre Sales & Marketing Summer Internship 2027 - London Business Unit Sales and Marketing Job description Job Description - Sales and Marketing Summer Internship 2027 Title: Sales and Marketing Summer Intern Department: Sales & Marketing Location: London, EC4M 5AB Duration: 10 Weeks We’ve been helping clients plan and invest for their futures for over 50 years. From more than 25 locations around the world, we provide investment services and retirement expertise to everyone from central banks to private individuals. We’re known for acting with integrity and thinking for the long-term. And across our organisation, we foster a welcoming, caring and inclusive culture where people feel respected, trusted and able to be themselves. The Team you’ll join: Our Sales and Marketing teams are essential to the continued growth and success of our business. From developing new investment products and solutions and telling our clients about them, to bringing in new business and managing client relationships to help them choose the right products; it’s an exciting and varied department to work in. The primary goal for each of these teams is to ensure clients get the best from Fidelity and we’re proud to help our clients achieve their financial goals. You could join us as an intern in either of the teams below: UK & Ireland Asset Management Client Group: is a fast and dynamic team at the forefront of client interaction in the UK focused on selling Fidelity funds, services and capabilities via intermediated sources (financial advisers, wealth managers, insurance companies etc.) and to Institutions (pension funds, charities etc.) in the UK market. Content Marketing: The Global Content Team shapes Fidelity’s global content strategy, producing consistent, high-quality storytelling that connects with clients across all markets. Our focus is on delivering impactful, insight-led content that engages audiences, supports business goals and reinforces the strength of the Fidelity brand. What you’ll be doing: We don’t expect you to come straight in and know everything about what we do. As an intern, and whatever you’re studying, we’ll help make sure you get the most out of your time with us. Fidelity is a fantastic place to learn, innovate and grow. There are expert colleagues around the world to learn from and share ideas with. On our 10- week programme, you could work alongside the sales team to understand the clients and their needs ensuring they get the best from Fidelity. You’ll assist with the sales planning process, facilitating and leading on projects, relating to specific client or sales initiatives, that drive efficiencies, propel the sales team and contribute to overall business growth. You’ll also develop your sales analysis skills and learn how this successful sales function operates whilst ensuring high quality client servicing. You could work alongside the marketing team to conduct research and analysis into the wider competitive landscape You’ll help to build understanding and awareness of our competitors and what they’re doing and develop insights on our own customer base, linking with other research and analysis Over the course of your 10 weeks internship there will be opportunities for you to develop your investment knowledge, gain broad experience of your assigned team and the broader fidelity business. The difference you’ll make: You’ll contribute to positive, meaningful work that make a difference to our clients. You’ll help them invest and plan for the futures they want. You’ll provide invaluable support to your team, too. How you’ll be supported: You’ll start with a welcome and an orientation, where you’ll meet your fellow interns and find out all about us and our work. Once the programme begins, you’ll learn every day – from the experts around you and through tackling real projects. Our focus will be on supporting you to gain experience and discover what kind of future you could build in our industry. Support is part of our culture, so you’ll have a buddy and a mentor to help you whenever you need. And you’ll join a close-knit early careers community, with plenty of social and networking events to help you find your feet and feel at home. What we look for: It’s who you are that matters here, rather than what you studied. We look for interns who are analytical, eager to learn and ready to take on a challenge. A genuine curiosity and eagerness to learn about investment is vital, as is a lively interest in our work and our industry. Creative thinking and attention to detail are important too. And, as we’re an international organisation, we’ll need you to speak English. We’ll also need you to: be graduating in 2028 (Bachelor’s or Master’s degree) have the right to work in the UK at point of application. If you are currently on a Tier 4 / Student Visa, this means you have the right to work in the UK Our clients come from all walks of life and so do we. We are proud of our inclusive culture and encourage applications from the widest mix of talent, whatever your age, gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, gender identity, social background and more. How to Apply Feeling inspired to start your journey with us? Then take your first step by applying at: careers.fidelityinternational.com This programme is open to students in the penultimate year of undergraduate or master’s programme (Class of 2028 preferred). Our application window closes on Sunday, 20 December 2026 at 11:55pm GMT. You are advised to submit your application as early as possible, as we will be recruiting on a rolling basis. Please note that there are two online assessments which you’ll need to complete by the time the window closes. They both take around 40 minutes to complete, so make sure you give yourself plenty of time. All assessment centres will take place January 2027. As part of our commitment to inclusion, we are a disability-friendly company. As such, we would welcome a conversation with you if you feel you might benefit from any reasonable adjustments to perform to the best of your ability during the recruitment process and beyond. For any enquiries regarding your application, you can reach us at earlycareersatfidelity@fil.com . Programme Internship Attachment 2027 Sales & Marketing Intern Job Description - Approved.pdf – 193KB Opens in a new window View cookie / data protection and privacy policy © FIL Ltd 2024 View cookie / data protection and privacy policy Fidelity.co.uk | Fidelityinternational.com | Privacy