Kernel ATS Campbell Lutyens Intern Programme (London) - 2026/27Who are we? Founded in 1988 by John Campbell, Richard Lutyens, and Bill Dacombe, Campbell Lutyens is one of the world's leading independent private capital advisors. The firm provides a tailored combination of private capital capabilities, with services spanning private equity, private credit and infrastructure, and specialist expertise in primary fundraising, secondary transactions, and GP capital solutions. The company utilizes a data-led advisory approach, combining unique market insights with long-standing global relationships to access to deep pools of capital and the world's leading private market sponsors. Operating across 15 locations and three continents, Campbell Lutyens delivers global reach with local insight. The firm has raised over $713 billion of capital across its 35+ year track record, advising General Partners and Limited Partners at every stage of the capital life cycle. Campbell Lutyens has entered into a definitive agreement to join forces with Lazard to form a new unit, Lazard CL, creating the leading private capital advisory platform globally. Combining two highly complementary platforms, Lazard CL will bring together leading capabilities across private equity, infrastructure, private credit and real assets, offering employees the opportunity to be part of the leading private capital advisory platform globally at an exciting stage of growth and evolution. What does the internship entail?Campbell Lutyens offers penultimate year university students the opportunity for a summer internship. The internship will help you to explore your chosen career path, develop industry-specific knowledge and increase your professional network. The internship also offers an opportunity for on-the-job assessment for the entry into the firm’s Graduate Programme. Regardless of which you’d like to experience, it will set you up with a good fundamental set of skills with which you will be able to further your career. Campbell Lutyens invests hundreds of hours of training in graduates and associates, and interns are no different. You’ll work on live transactions and add genuine value to your team. It will be hard work, but it will be intensely rewarding. You won’t just be a part of the team from an execution standpoint, you’ll also be brought into the cultural atmosphere – Campbell Lutyens is committed to making sure that interns are included as valued members of the team, taking part in events and treated like the valuable contributors they are. GPCA - Summer Interns 2027As a result of continued growth and expansion, we are pleased to present the opportunity for a select number of summer Interns to join the GPCA team, with a view to a potential full time graduate offer, dependent on performance. The GPCA practice is CL’s most recent growth area and now operates with a team of 21 dedicated professionals across London, New York and Singapore. Our GP Capital Advisory (“GPCA”) practice provides M&A and strategic advisory services to the management company-level of alternative asset managers globally (notably across private equity, private credit, infrastructure and real estate). The private markets fund managers are known as General Partners, or “GPs”. Given the highly strategic nature of the situations.... Read MoreApply NowSecondaries - Summer Interns 2027 As a result of continued growth and expansion, we are pleased to present the opportunity for a select number of summer interns to join the Secondaries team. The role provides the opportunity to develop a strong understanding of the private equity industry, secondary market dynamics and the nuances in running sell-side advisory mandates. Campbell Lutyens' market leading deal-flow will provide the opportunity to work on landmark projects with leading private capital firms and global institutions. Involvement throughout origination and execution processes including but not limited to: Portfolio analysis Marketing materials preparation Fund modelling Data room management Interaction with investors and fund managers Bids analysis and preparation of presentations for clients Ad-hoc support.... Read MoreApply NowFund Placement - Summer Interns 2027As a result of continued growth and expansion, we are pleased to present the opportunity for a select number of summer Interns to join the fund placement team, with a view to a potential full time graduate offer, dependent on performance. Support role for global private equity, private credit and infrastructure fundraisings, including the opportunity to work with deal teams on general activities on live deals including involvement in preparing weekly materials, completing investor due diligence as well as general ad-hoc tasks related to mandates. Working with colleagues to help screen opportunities and complete due diligence on selected potential client opportunities. Assistance in researching, tracking and otherwise mapping the private equity, infrastructure and private credit markets. Knowledge management: responsibility for ensuring.... Read MoreApply Now