2027 Internal Audit Summer Analyst Programme (London) - Morgan Stanley Campus We and our partners use cookies and similar tools (“Cookies”) as necessary to provide digital services and for additional “Optional” purposes, such as for analytics, performance, functionality (such as search functionality), and marketing purposes (including targeted advertising). Please click “Accept Optional Cookies” to consent to Optional Cookies, “Reject Optional Cookies” to disable Optional Cookies. For more information, please review our Cookie Policy . Accept Optional Cookies I accept the cookie policy Reject Optional Cookies I would like to opt out of cookies Read more about our cookie policy Skip to content Login Register Toggle navigation Home Global Programs Campus Events Help Center 2027 Internal Audit Summer Analyst Programme (London) City London Education Level Bachelor's Degree Business Unit Internal Audit Job description In the Internal Audit division, we provide senior management an objective and independent assessment of the Firm’s internal control environment for risk management and governance. Since 1935, Morgan Stanley is known as a global leader in financial services, continuously evolving and innovating to better serve our clients and our communities in more than 40 countries around the world. Placement and Duration Summer Analysts join the Morgan Stanley Internal Audit Department in June for a comprehensive 10-week internship and development program that provides participants with exposure to various functions across Internal Audit and coverage areas within the Firm (e.g., compliance, equities). Individuals who successfully complete the programme may be considered for full-time employment following Graduation. Training Programme The Summer Program includes training on internal audit fundamentals and Morgan Stanley's audit methodology, engagement with senior leadership, cross-divisional networking opportunities, peer mentorship, community service opportunities, and a group project in which Summer Analysts present what they have learned through the programme to a broader audience. Roles and Responsibilities • Develop a working knowledge of business principles and basic auditing standards • Participate in a range of assurance activities (e.g., audits and issue closure verification) to gain a working understanding of the business units under review (e.g., policies and procedures, roles and responsibilities, systems, processes, risks, and controls) • Assist in documenting narratives • Evaluate the adequacy and effectiveness of controls by executing tests and communicating results to management • Be open to new experiences, coaching, and learning • Build relationships across the business • Support team or departmental initiatives to nurture diversity, equity, and inclusion Responsibilities may vary according to your coverage area Qualifications/Skills/Requirements: • You are a penultimate-year undergraduate student with outstanding academic achievements and are on track for a 2.1 honours degree or equivalent • You are a team player and excellent communicator • You have advanced technical, quantitative and project management skills • You are able to multi-task with close attention to detail • You are client-service oriented We recruit on an on-going basis so early application is encouraged. What you can expect from Morgan Stanely At Morgan Stanley, we raise, manage and allocate capital for our clients – helping them reach their goals. We do it in a way that’s differentiated – and we’ve done that for 90 years. Our values - putting clients first, doing the right thing, leading with exceptional ideas, committing to diversity and inclusion, and giving back - aren’t just beliefs, they guide the decisions we make every day to do what's best for our clients, communities and more than 80,000 employees in 1,200 offices across 42 countries. At Morgan Stanley, you’ll find an opportunity to work alongside the best and the brightest, in an environment where you are supported and empowered. Our teams are relentless collaborators and creative thinkers, fueled by their diverse backgrounds and experiences. We are proud to support our employees and their families at every point along their work-life journey, offering some of the most attractive and comprehensive employee benefits and perks in the industry. There’s also ample opportunity to move about the business for those who show passion and grit in their work. To learn more about our offices across the globe, please copy and paste https://www.morganstanley.com/about-us/global-offices into your browser. Morgan Stanley is an equal opportunity employer committed to building and maintaining a workforce that is diverse in experience and background. Our recruiting efforts reflect our strong commitment to a culture of inclusion, where individuals are hired, developed, and advanced based on their skills and talents. Our workforce reflects a broad cross-section of the global communities in which we operate, bringing a variety of backgrounds, talents, perspectives, and experiences. For more information, please visit: https://www.morganstanley.com/people-opportunities/eeo . Job Level Summer Analyst Program Summer Analyst View cookie / data protection and privacy policy twitter linkedin youtube Disclosures Investor Relations Corporate Governance Newsroom Careers © 2026 Morgan Stanley. All rights reserved. Your Privacy Choices Terms of Use Contact Us Global Offices Equal Employment Opportunity