Job Application for Quant Researcher Internship at Man Group Back to jobs Quant Researcher Internship London Apply About Man Group Man Group is a global alternative investment management firm focused on pursuing outperformance for sophisticated clients via our Systematic, Discretionary and Solutions offerings. Powered by talent and advanced technology, our single and multi-manager investment strategies are underpinned by deep research and span public and private markets, across all major asset classes, with a significant focus on alternatives. Man Group takes a partnership approach to working with clients, establishing deep connections and creating tailored solutions to meet their investment goals and those of the millions of retirees and savers they represent. Headquartered in London, we manage $253.6 billion* and operate across multiple offices globally. Man Group plc is listed on the London Stock Exchange under the ticker EMG.LN and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index. Further information can be found at www.man.com At Man Group, we respect your privacy and we are committed to protecting and safeguarding your Personal Data. We have developed policies and processes which are designed to provide for the security and integrity of your Personal Data. We are committed to Processing your Personal Data fairly and lawfully, and being open and transparent about such Processing. For further information on how we process your data, please see the privacy notice for applicants here. * As at 30 June 2026 About Man AHL: Man AHL is a team of researchers, developers and traders of systematic investment strategies. We apply scientific rigour and robust technology to diverse collections of data and hundreds of global markets. Through our innovative and collaborative culture, we aim to generate returns for our clients across a range of diversified products. The open and collaborative nature of Man AHL makes it an ideal place to learn and develop as a Junior Quantitative Researcher. Successful candidates will have the opportunity to work on meaningful projects early on. AHL Quant Researcher Internship Programme We offer two internship routes into the programme: a 3-month Summer 2027 internship (June–September 2027) and a 6-month Off-Cycle internship (able to accommodate a start date depending on individual circumstance), both providing hands-on exposure to these same core quantitative research areas. A formal training programme will be provided for participants at the commencement of the programme to introduce them to the key concepts and techniques used in the role. All participants will be provided with a mentor to help guide their development throughout the programme. Who are we looking for? Due to the technical nature of the role, we opt for applicants with strong mathematical, statistical, or computing skills e.g., Mathematics, Computer Science, Economics/Econometrics, Engineering or Physics from a reputable university. We welcome education levels from Bachelor’s to PhD level. Responsibilities: Research, develop and implement trading strategies. Contribute to AHL's overall research effort by collaborating with teams across AHL. Follow industry/academic literature for innovations and suggest how AHL can profit from this. Apply quantitative techniques and market intuition to large, often novel or unconventional, datasets and cultivate areas of expertise along the way. Contribute to the business' overall research effort by interacting with and collaborating with other research teams. Key Skills & Experience: PhD, Masters or Bachelor’s Degree in a quantitative subject Desire to learn and understand the structure and drivers of returns in financial markets A demonstrable interest in algorithmic trading, financial derivatives, and markets in general Independent research experience Practical coding experience in a scripting language such as Python is preferred, though not essential Aware of what statistical and mathematical tools and techniques are available and able to independently decide what is appropriate to use in which circumstances Strong written and verbal communication skills Entrepreneurial team player, able to push and discuss views with the rest of the team and contribute to our wider research agenda Application Process Application Window: September Online Tests: October Technical Interviews: October/November Assessment Centre: October/November– Please note that candidates will be required to attend the assessment centre at our London Office. Inclusion, Work-Life Balance and Benefits at Man Group You'll thrive in our working environment that champions equality of opportunity. Your unique perspective will contribute to our success, joining a workplace where inclusion is fundamental and deeply embedded in our culture and values. Through our external and internal initiatives, partnerships and programmes, you'll find opportunities to grow, develop your talents, and help foster an inclusive environment for all across our firm and industry. Learn more at www.man.com/diversity . You'll have opportunities to make a difference through our charitable and global initiatives, while advancing your career through professional development, and with flexible working arrangements available too. Like all our people, you'll receive two annual 'Mankind' days of paid leave for community volunteering. Our comprehensive benefits package includes competitive holiday entitlements, pension/401k, life and long-term disability coverage, group sick pay, enhanced parental leave and long-service leave. Depending on your location, you may also enjoy additional benefits such as private medical coverage, discounted gym membership options and pet insurance. Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Man Group provides equal employment opportunities to all applicants and all employees without regard to race, color, creed, national origin, ancestry, religion, disability, sex, gender identity and expression, marital status, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, age or any other legally protected category or status in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. Man Group is a Disability Confident Committed employer; if you require help or information on reasonable adjustments as you apply for roles with us, please contact TalentAcquisition@man.com . Create a Job Alert Interested in building your career at Man Group? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email. Create alert Apply for this job * indicates a required field Autofill my application First Name * Last Name * Preferred First Name Email * Phone Country * Phone * Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Which programme are you applying for? * Select... Are you currently in the penultimate year of this degree? * Select... Is your degree in a quantitative subject (e.g. Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Engineering, Computer Science, Economics, Actuarial Science, Financial Mathematics)? * Select... What level of study are you currently in? * Select... What is your expected (or actual) graduation year? * Select... Do you have practical Python experience? * Select... Do you require a visa for the country in which you are applying for a role? Select... Have you previously worked at Man? * Select... What is your desired salary? * UK Diversity Question Set We invite applicants to answer the following questions to allow us to better understand the demographics of our applicant pool. You are not required to answer these questions. Your decision to respond to this questionnaire is completely voluntary. No decisions regarding your application for employment (or, if you are hired, your employment) will be made based on your responses to these questions or, if applicable, on your decision not to respond to these questions. If you respond to these questions, your responses will be kept confidential and separate from any employment files, and anonymized and aggregated with the responses of other applicants. What is your Gender? Select... What is your Race / Ethnicity? Select... What is your Sexual Orientation? Select... What is your Religion? Select... Do you consider yourself to have a disability? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse