Applying and FAQs | Early Careers | PwC UK Careers Skip to content Skip to footer Early careers Experienced careers Flexible or contractor careers Working at PwC Our people, their stories. More Search Menu Early careers Early careers Applying and FAQs Employability hub Entry level Graduate Our events Our job search Training and development Undergraduate Menu Early careers Applying and FAQs Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessment and selection process Do you need immigration authorisation to work in the UK? FAQs The behaviours we look for Menu Early careers Employability hub Menu Early careers Entry level Entry level programmes Flying Start degree programmes New World. New Skills. Virtual Insight Programme Menu Early careers Graduate Advisory and Consulting Audit, Accounting, Tax and Finance Legal Services Strategy Technology and AI Menu Early careers Our events Virtual Classroom Menu Early careers Our job search Menu Early careers Training and development Menu Early careers Undergraduate Diversity Programmes Legal Summer Vacation Scheme Summer Internship Undergraduate Work Placement Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Experienced careers Experienced careers Application support Careers toolkit Partner recruitment Search all jobs Menu Experienced careers Application support Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessments - what to expect Our application experience PwC sponsorship and working permits Recruitment agencies The behaviours we look for Menu Experienced careers Careers toolkit Menu Experienced careers Partner recruitment Menu Experienced careers Search all jobs Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Flexible careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible careers Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Working at PwC Working at PwC Career development Discover our UK offices Inclusion Our business areas Our people. Their stories Reward and benefits Wellbeing at PwC Menu Working at PwC Career development Menu Working at PwC Discover our UK offices Menu Working at PwC Inclusion Menu Working at PwC Our business areas Actuarial Audit Business Solutions Consulting Deals Legal Operate Tax Technology Menu Working at PwC Our people. Their stories Menu Working at PwC Reward and benefits Menu Working at PwC Wellbeing at PwC Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Our people, their stories. Our people, their stories. Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Loading Results No Match Found View All Results Explore early careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Events Applying and FAQs Employability Hub More Explore early careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Events Applying and FAQs Employability Hub Early careers Applying We offer opportunities for you to demonstrate your capabilities and showcase the skills we look for. How our early careers recruitment and selection process work The behaviours we look for The PwC Professional outlines the behaviours we expect you to demonstrate in the assessment process. Learn about the behaviours we look for Our selection process explained Discover all the information you need to know about our assessment and selection process. Our assessment and selection process Recruitment adjustments and support We’re committed to treating all of our job applicants fairly and with respect. Find out about requesting an adjustment Immigration authorisation and visa sponsorship We welcome applications from all candidates but there are restrictions to some areas of our business and some points you should note. Immigration authorisation Application FAQs Some of the questions we get asked most frequently. Read our FAQs Prepare for assessments and develop your key skills Visit our Employability Hub Important application deadlines and candidate guidance Application deadlines Roles at PwC are very popular and may close without warning. We recommend applying as early as possible to ensure you don't miss out. Please take note of deadlines for each stage of the application process. We'll let you know how long you have to complete each stage when you receive the invite. Candidate professional conduct We take candidate professional conduct seriously and undertake regular reviews of applications and assessment activity to protect the fairness and integrity of our Early Careers recruitment process. These reviews include checks for duplicate accounts, highly similar responses, identical transcripts, and indicators of third-party or AI-assisted support. Our assessments are designed to evaluate your individual skills, judgement and potential and must be completed independently. The use of AI tools, AI-enabled services, or any third-party assistance to generate, edit, rewrite, summarise, coach or otherwise complete assessment responses is not permitted unless explicitly authorised by PwC. While PwC uses AI to support aspects of its business, we do not use AI to assess candidate performance within the Early Careers selection process. We want every candidate to have a fair opportunity to demonstrate their own capabilities and potential. If we identify evidence that our recruitment process has been compromised, or that assessment responses are not a candidate's own work, we will withdraw the application from the recruitment process. We also reserve the right to notify relevant academic institutions, professional bodies, regulatory organisations, or other appropriate third parties where appropriate. Follow PwC UK Careers Working at PwC Inclusion Reward and benefits Discover our UK offices Our People. Their Stories. Talent Community Alumni Our Business Actuarial Audit Consulting Deals Business Solutions Legal Operate Risk Tax Technology Early Careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Event search Job search Employability hub Training and development Applying and FAQs Experienced Careers Our job search Careers toolkit Applying Partner Recruitment Flexible and contractor Our job search Flexible careers Contractor careers Join our Talent Community Your account © 2020 - 2026 PwC. All rights reserved. PwC refers to the PwC network and/or one or more of its member firms, each of which is a separate legal entity. Please see www.pwc.com/structure for further details. Privacy Statement Cookies info Legal Disclaimer About Site Provider Provision of Services Diversity Web Accessibility