Job Application for Tech Recruitment Manager at Monzo Back to jobs New Tech Recruitment Manager Cardiff, London or Remote (UK) Apply 🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ 📍 London | UK Remote 💰 Competitive Salary + Incentive Awards tied to your performance + Benefits ✨ Our Tech Hiring team ⭐ We're a high performing tech hiring team, hiring for Engineering, Product, Data and Design. We partner with teams across the business to hire exceptional people into a huge variety of roles, from individual contributors through to senior leadership. As our team continues to grow, we're looking for a Player Coach to lead a small squad of Recruiters while remaining hands-on with hiring. This is a leadership role for someone who loves developing people just as much as they love finding great talent. 🔑You’ll play a key role by... You'll lead hiring strategy for your tech business area You'll be the trusted hiring partner for Execs and senior stakeholders, helping shape hiring plans, organisational design and hiring strategy. You'll work closely with Workforce Planning and Business Hiring leadership to understand upcoming demand and ensure your team is focused on the highest-impact hiring. You'll lead and coach a team of Recruiters You'll manage, coach and develop a team of Recruiters, creating an environment where people can do their best work. You'll support them through complex hiring challenges, provide thoughtful feedback, help them grow their careers and ensure they're delivering consistently excellent hiring outcomes. You'll balance day-to-day coaching with making decisions about priorities, workload and resource allocation across your team as business needs evolve. You'll stay hands-on with hiring Alongside leading your team, you'll personally manage a requisition load. You'll partner with Hiring Managers to design effective assessment processes, challenge thinking where needed and deliver exceptional candidate experiences from first conversation through to offer. You'll be just as comfortable recruiting senior leaders as you are hiring individual contributors, and you'll continue to lead by example through your own hiring delivery. You'll raise the bar on hiring quality You'll be passionate about improving how we hire. You'll use data, market insights and candidate feedback to identify opportunities, refine our processes and influence hiring decisions. You'll help embed inclusive hiring practices across your team and continually look for ways to improve quality, efficiency and candidate experience. You'll be an expert in your market You'll proactively source exceptional talent, understand competitor activity and share market insights with Hiring Managers and your team. You'll help shape hiring strategies that allow us to attract diverse, high-quality candidates in competitive markets. You'll contribute to the growth of the Tech Hiring team You'll work closely with other Hiring Leaders to share best practice, solve cross-functional hiring challenges and help shape how our team evolves as Monzo continues to grow 🤩 We’d love to hear from you if… You've built significant experience recruiting in-house, within tech functions (e.g. Product, Engineering etc.) You've managed or coached Recruiters and enjoy helping others develop and succeed. You're excited by a player-coach role that combines people leadership with hands-on recruitment. You're comfortable partnering with senior stakeholders, including VPs and executives, influencing hiring strategy and challenging constructively where needed. You've recruited across a range of levels, from mid-level hires through to Senior Manager and Director roles. You're an excellent sourcer and know how to attract outstanding passive talent. You use data and market insights to influence hiring decisions and improve recruitment processes. You're passionate about inclusive hiring and creating exceptional candidate experiences. You build trusted relationships quickly and thrive in fast-moving, collaborative environments. It would be great if... You've managed hiring teams across multiple locations or hybrid/remote environments. You've recruited tech roles within a high-growth startup or scale-up. You've partnered closely with workforce planning or capacity planning teams. You've helped build or improve recruitment processes at scale. 🙌 What’s in it for you 💰 Competitive Salary ➕Incentive Awards tied to your performance. ⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team. 📚 £1,000 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences. 🏡 We will set you up to work from home; all employees are given Macbooks and for fully remote workers we will provide extra support for your work-from-home setup. ➕ Plus lots more! Read our full list of benefits . 🌈 The application journey has 3 key steps Recruiter Call Initial Call Loop Interviews This process should take around 3-4 weeks - your schedule is really important to us, so we promise to be as flexible as possible! We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo. You can read them here. We’ll only close this role once we have enough applications for the next stage. Please submit your application as soon as possible to make sure you don’t miss out. #LI-DH1 Equal opportunities for everyone Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our blog , 2026 Diversity and Inclusion Report and 2025 Gender Pay Gap Report. We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status. If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊 Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf 🇺🇸 Are you a US Person? * Select... A US Person is defined as someone who: was born in the United States (US) has at least 1 parent who was born in the US is a naturalised citizen of the US is a green card holder is a US tax resident 🔐 Keeping your data safe is really important to us. Please take a look at our Candidate Data Privacy Notice (linked below) and confirm that you have. * Select... 🔗 Candidate Data Privacy Notice . If you’d like to, please share your preferred pronouns (eg. they/them/theirs, she/her/hers). If you'd like to, please spell out your name how it's pronounced so we know how to say it. 🛂 Please confirm your Right to Work status in the location where this job is advertised. * Select... We legally have to verify that you have the right to work in the location where you'd be working from. Your answer to this question won't affect the outcome of your application, unless you'd need visa sponsorship but are applying to a role we don't sponsor. 👤 Identity survey Our goal at Monzo is to make money work for everyone. To do that, working at Monzo must work for everyone. We want to create an equitable, engaged and innovative workplace which gives people from all backgrounds the support they need to thrive and grow. Making Monzo work for everyone starts right at the beginning of every Monzonaut's journey: when they apply to work here. This demographic survey will help us better understand the people who apply to work at Monzo. It'll help us see how different groups progress through our hiring process, and where we need to make improvements to be more inclusive. If you choose to fill it out, all of the information you give us is: Voluntary . And we've included a "prefer not to say" option for every question. It'd be helpful if you still fill out the survey even if you choose "prefer not to say" for every question, as it's useful for us to understand & record this. We won't know if you choose to fill this survey in or not. Anonymous to Monzo . We can't tie your responses to you and they won't make a difference to the outcome of your application. We'll only use grouped responses for equal opportunities monitoring in our hiring process. For more information on how we'll use this data, please read our candidate privacy notice . By filling out this survey, you agree that we can use your responses for the purposes we've mentioned above. You are not letting us know if we need to make any adjustments to the hiring process because of disability or neurodiversity - to do this please email us. How would you describe your gender identity? Select... Do you identify as transgender? Select... What's your sexual orientation? Select... Do you identify as having a disability? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodivergent? Select... How would your describe your ethnicity? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse