Investec Careers - Summer Internship 2027 (14049) Toggle navigation Home Events Search & Apply expand child menu Job search Sign up Job alerts Talent Community Sign in Search & Apply Job description Job description Location: London - 30 Gresham Street Department: People & Organisation Division: IBP Business Enablement Employment Type: Full time Salary: Competitive Summer Internship 2027 (14049) Applications will open at 09:00am on 5th October for 24 hours (subject to volume of applications) Are you looking for an internship within financial services? Are you curious about the world of financial services and what it involves? Are you ready for an out of the ordinary Summer in 2027? We are very excited to be recruiting for our 2027 Summer Internship Programme.. We are recruiting penultimate and final year university students into our business and we are open to any degree subject. Immerse yourself in Investec over Summer as you experience our business over our eight-week programme. If you have an entrepreneurial spirit combined with a passion and energy to succeed, we have an opportunity for you to flourish in our environment. What you'll do Successful applicants will become part of a team within our Specialist Bank (we will discuss the best aligned team for you during your HR interview from the range of business areas hosting an Internship position). You will gain insight into our culture and the opportunity will provide you with exposure to our senior leaders. As an intern, you will be given real responsibilities and have an opportunity to contribute and deliver to whichever team you join. Although embedded into one team we aim to provide you with a clear overview of our entire business. Learning opportunity Satisfy your hunger to learn with presentations and talks from experienced Investec employees across our business. There will also be a number of networking opportunities, helping you engage with our business. Gain insight into how you can absorb complex information easily from the Financial Times and how to immerse yourself in financial analysis. Don't forget the fun and engaging Excel courses that you can also get involved in to assist your learning plus plenty more! About you • Entrepreneurial thinker – we want to hear your fresh ideas! • Self-starter – show us your ability to take a project and make it your own! • Be you – bring your whole self to work. We want to know about your passions and interests! • All interns must be in their penultimate or final year of University study Apply Now Close map Location London - 30 Gresham Street 30 Gresham Street, London, England, GB, EC2V 7QN Loading... Open In Google Maps Apply Now Meet the recruiter Ellis Wadsworth LinkedIn Enlarge Map Share this page Job Alerts Create an alert subscription based on this Job Create Alert Benefits Pension Private Medical Cover Virtual GP Gym Discounts Psychologist Service Annual Leave Life Assurance Loading Follow us at © 2026 Investec. All Rights Reserved.