Clifford Chance London Insight Day | SmartRecruiters Google Chrome Microsoft Edge Apple Safari Mozilla Firefox London Insight Day Contract Address: 10 Upper Bank St Canary Wharf London E14 5JJ City: London Company Description We are one of the largest international law firms in the world. With over 30 offices across the globe, we strive to exceed the expectations of our clients, providing them with the highest-quality advice and legal insight, which combines the firm’s global standards with in-depth local expertise. Our one firm global strategy is focused on targeted growth led by the needs of our core clients, those who we can best support with the breadth and depth of Clifford Chance expertise, across the sectors and geographies which matter most to them. Our firm, work and people span jurisdictions, cultures, and languages. We offer our clients a truly international perspective. We believe every career should be rewarding and stimulating - full of opportunities to learn, thrive, and grow. That’s why we’re so proud of our inclusive, friendly, and team-based approach to work. You’ll find our clients in commercial and industrial sectors, the financial investor community, governments, regulators, trade bodies, and not-for-profit organisations. But no matter who they are or why they’ve reached out to us, we provide a world-class service every step of the way. And that’s possible thanks to the entrepreneurial spirit and conscientious approach to work that you’ll find across all of our teams. Whichever area of the business you join, you’ll become an integral part an innovative, diverse and ambitious team of people. Clifford Chance is a place where the brightest minds and the best of colleagues meet. Job Description Join us at our Canary Wharf office in London for an engaging Insight Day showcasing our opportunities in London. Experience the world of law through interactive workshops, insider guidance on our application process, and firsthand insights from trainees. Discover the intricacies of high-profile deals, connect with lawyers at every stage of their careers, and explore the latest hot topics in law. You’ll also meet our affinity networks, gain a deeper understanding of our culture and growth opportunities, and leave inspired and equipped to begin your legal journey. Don’t miss this chance to unlock your potential and kick-start your legal career with us. Qualifications The London Insight Day is for students who are eligible to apply to either SPARK or our Training Contract. You are eligible for SPARK if you are in your first year of a three-year law degree, second year of a four-year law degree, or penultimate year of a non-law degree. Please note your law degree must be England and Wales qualifying, otherwise you are considered a non-law student and only eligible in your penultimate year. To be eligible for SPARK, it must also be your first undergraduate degree at a UK University, and you must have the right to work in the UK. You are eligible for the London Training Contract if you are in your penultimate year of a law degree, final year of any degree, or graduated. Additional Information How to apply: Complete the online application form. Take the Clifford Chance Immersive Online Assessment and Watson Glaser critical reasoning test. If you pass the Watson Glaser test, your application form will be reviewed by the early talent team. Successful candidates at application review will be invited to attend the Insight Day. Equal opportunities: At Clifford Chance, we understand that our true asset is our people. Inclusion is good for our team and their families, our firm and society. We are committed to treating all employees and applicants fairly and equally regardless of their gender, gender identity and expression, marital or civil partnership status, race, colour, national or ethnic origin, social or economic background, disability, religious belief, sexual orientation, or age. This applies to recruitment and selection, terms and conditions of employment including pay, promotion, training, transfer and every other aspect of employment. We have a variety of flourishing employee networks. These networks are a place for colleagues to share experiences and advocate for change wherever they see an opportunity for improvement. Our goal is to deliver an equality of opportunity, an equality of aspiration and an equality of experience to everyone who works in our firm. Find out more about our inclusive culture here . By clicking the link above or any third-party link within this posting, you are leaving this site and going to a third-party website where the third-party website's terms and privacy policy apply I'm interested I'm interested Privacy Notice I'm interested Refer a friend share this job Share to WeChat × Copy the link and open WeChat to share. Copy to clipboard Open WeChat Share to WeChat × Use Scan QR Code in WeChat and click ··· to share.