 Citibank Test (Plum Assessment) - All You Need to Know [2026] AI CV AI Interview Log in Browse Tests Browse Tests Browse Tests Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Test Free Abstract Reasoning Test Free Psychometric Test Free Numerical Reasoning Test Free Numerical SHL Test Free Critical Thinking Test Free Personality Test Free Pilot Aptitude Test Free Verbal Reasoning Test Free Spatial Reasoning Test Tests Providers Tests Providers SHL Watson Glaser Cut-e/Aon Saville Arctic Shores Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Sova Pymetrics TestGorilla Hogan CCAT & UCAT Best Seller Products Best Seller Products Banking Summer Internship Watson Glaser Public Health Specialists SHL Arctic Shores Cut-e/Aon Saville Executive Aptitude Tests Banking Spring Internships Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Qantas Pilots Psychometric Test Thomas GIA Raven's Progressive Matrices McKinsey Problem Solving (Imbellus) Personality & Behavioural Personality & Behavioural Situational Judgement Test Thomas GIA Saville Aptitude Test Cubiks Test OPQ32 Adept-15 Korn Ferry Leadership Potential Predictive Index (PI) McQuaig Word Survey Myers Briggs Other Popular Assessments Other Popular Assessments Emirates Cabin Crew Test UBS Assessment BKSB Test Ravens Progressive Matrices Saville Aptitude Test Amazon Assessment SHL Excel Questions Video Interview Prep Arctic Shores Premium Membership AI CV AI Interview About Us Log in AI CV AI Interview My PrepPacks™ Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Test Free Abstract Reasoning Test Free Psychometric Test Free Numerical Reasoning Test Free Numerical SHL Test Free Critical Thinking Test Free Personality Test Free Pilot Aptitude Test Free Verbal Reasoning Test Free Spatial Reasoning Test Tests Providers Tests Providers SHL Watson Glaser Cut-e/Aon Saville Arctic Shores Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Sova Pymetrics TestGorilla Hogan CCAT & UCAT Best Seller Products Best Seller Products Banking Summer Internship Watson Glaser Public Health Specialists SHL Arctic Shores Cut-e/Aon Saville Executive Aptitude Tests Banking Spring Internships Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Qantas Pilots Psychometric Test Thomas GIA Raven's Progressive Matrices McKinsey Problem Solving (Imbellus) Personality & Behavioural Personality & Behavioural Situational Judgement Test Thomas GIA Saville Aptitude Test Cubiks Test OPQ32 Adept-15 Korn Ferry Leadership Potential Predictive Index (PI) McQuaig Word Survey Myers Briggs Other Popular Assessments Other Popular Assessments Emirates Cabin Crew Test UBS Assessment BKSB Test Ravens Progressive Matrices Saville Aptitude Test Amazon Assessment SHL Excel Questions Video Interview Prep Arctic Shores Premium Membership Homepage Banking Tests Citi Tests Homepage Banking Tests Citi Tests Citibank Test (Plum Assessment) - All You Need to Know [2026] Citibank Test (Plum Assessment) - All You Need to Know [2026] 4.8 150 Reviews The Citi Test is a pre-employment online assessment conducted to all Citibank candidates as an initial screening stage. The assessment is administered by the test provider Plum and is officially named the "Plum Discovery Survey". Occasionally you might be requested to take an SJT (situational judgment test) as well. Our Citi Plum Assessment preparation pack is designed to equip you with the essential practice required to ace the test and secure a place at Bloomberg. Get Access to the Full Preparation Pack Access this course and more with our Banking Summer Internship PrepPack ! Citi Tests 4.8 150 Reviews Citi 1 Month Summer Internship 1 Month Summer Internship 3 Months One-Time Payment 1 Month Access Realistic practice tests & study guides Created by experts with a focus on accuracy Full prep for Citi + the following banks: J.P. Morgan Barclays HSBC Morgan Stanley Deutsche Bank UBS BNP Paribas Fidelity Nomura Jefferies RBC Capital Markets Goldman Sachs Bank of America Blackstone Santander Schroders Citadel Macquarie Group Standard Chartered Houlihan Lokey Wells Fargo PJT Partners BDO Global Crédit Agricole Rothschild & Co. Moelis & Co Lloyds Lazard Blackrock Also Available: 6 Months Access ( see here ) Note: This product cannot be included in the Premium Membership Show More Money Back Guarantee This PrepPack includes: Full Citi Plum Assessment tailored for the position you applied for, mimicking the real Citi aptitude test, with the exact assessment’s format, section, and the number of questions that will prepare you for the real assessment. Detailed Solutions and explanations to all types of questions, teaching you how to best answer according to the role. Study guides focusing on the different aspects of personality and behavioural strengths and weaknesses relevant to your position. Hadassah, Cognitive Test Developer at JobTestPrep I am Hadassah Goldberg, a Cognitive Test Developer at JobTestPrep, holding a BSc in Neuroscience and Cognition Studies with a minor in Philosophy. With extensive experience in education and content development, I specialize in providing expert insights and strategies for various assessments. I am also responsible for creating test questions and instructional videos for our PrepPacks, ensuring that each resource supports learners in achieving their full potential. Have a question? Contact me at: ask_the_team@jobtestprep.co.uk Applying to Multiple Positions? See our bundle PrepPacks: Summer Internship | Spring Week | Big 4 Preparing for the Hire-Vue Interview ? Record your interview responses and get detailed feedback from our occupational psychologists. Join our Society partnership programme! Email us to learn more. What Is the Citi Online Test? The Citi Online Test, also known as the Plum Discovery Survey uses an AI-powered assessment tool designed to measure key attributes pertinent to your desired role. This evaluation concentrates on your interpersonal competencies, examining your capacity to tackle challenges, your workplace conduct, and your ability to navigate social situations effectively. Although the name Citi Online Test is used for all positions, different assessments will be used for different positions. The assessment is divided into four sections: Priorities and preferences Problem-solving "You” descriptor Social Interaction The test has no time limit and takes about 25 minutes to complete . If you pass the online test, you’ll be scheduled to take an interview , followed by an assessment centre . 🔍Taking Multiple Finance Tests? HSBC | UBS | Bain & Co | Macquarie | Morgan Stanley | EIB | Deloitte | Deutsche Bank | Barclays | KPMG | PWC | Lazard | EY | Nomura | BCG | BNP Paribas | Jefferies | Moelis & Co | RBC | BoA | AlixPartners | Fidelity | Job Simulation | Pre-recorded Video Interview | HireVue Interview | AI Interview Bundles: Summer Internship | Spring Week | Big 4 The Citi Online Test Invitation After passing the resume stage, you will receive an email test invitation from Citi, requesting you to take the assessment within 5 days . The invitation will reveal no details about your assessment. Is it enough time to study? Definitely. We’ll get to that later. Here’s how your test invitation looks like: What Positions Require the Citi Test? As I mentioned, different positions in Citi require different assessments, here are several examples: Spring Insight – Citi Numerical Test Quantitative Analyst - Citi Numerical Test Graduate Program / Internship – Citi Numerical Test and/or Citi Logical Test (depending on department) Enterprise Infrastructure Operations and Technology - Citi Logical Test Software Engineer - Citi Logical Test Investment Banking - Citi Numerical Test and Citi Logical Test Citibank Online Assessment Tests + Sample Questions Citi does not reveal which tests you are about to take until the moment you are required to take them. That hinders candidates' ability to prepare, and also increases stress and uncertainty. Let's try to alleviate some of that stress with some focused, accurate sample questions that resemble the test. Citi Plum Assessment Section #1 – Priorities and Preferences This section of the test assesses your work-related priorities and preferences . You will be presented with sets of three statements, from which you will need to choose one statement that is most like you and one that is least like you. This section includes 20 statements . Let’s see how it looks – Which statement describes you best? I love debating academic theories I adopt a future emphasis I am discreet about my accomplishments View Answer & Explanation The statements in this question relate to three different aspects of the Competency Framework: I love debating academic theories – Creativity and Change I adopt a future emphasis – Structure I am discreet about my accomplishments – Dynamism The best answer to this question (as often happens on the actual Values Assessment) varies depending on the position you are after. Let's go over them one by one . I love debating academic theories The ability to conceptualize and debate abstract ideas is related to the Formulating Concepts and Strategies dimension of the Creativity and Change factor. This competency is important for any employee in a complex industry such as the financial industry, but it is especially crucial for managers and team leads. For team members, however, this ability is second in importance to tackling practical and functional problems. Therefore, our recommendation in this statement is: Management position – Most (first choice) Team member position – Neutral (second choice) I adopt a future emphasis Future emphasis is a part of the Structure factor, and its Planning and Organising dimension. This involves clearly understanding the potential challenges, particularly the implications of upcoming developments for various aspects of the business. As a manager, this competency is second in importance to the ability to formulate and discuss abstract ideas, which are required for large-scale decisions. For team members, however, this competency is more important. Therefore, our recommendation in this statement is: Management position – Neutral (second choice) Team member position – Most (first choice) I am discreet about my accomplishments This statement relates to the Achieving Goals and Objectives dimension in the Dynamism factor. While it indicates modesty and hard-working nature, considered an advantage in personal relationships, it may not be considered necessarily good in the HSBC Values Assessment, for two main reasons: In order to progress in any company, it can be positive for achievements to be visible. Remember that marking this statement means you DO NOT mark one of the other statements. Of these three statements, this one is least relevant for a working environment. Therefore, our recommendation in this statement is: Both managers and team members – Least (do not choose) Tip : Some statements may perfectly reflect who you are, and others may not. So, you have to choose between good and bad options that may not match your personality or way of thinking perfectly. To best reflect your personality, it's essential to become acquainted with these questions and practice prioritizing your potential answers. Citi Plum Assessment Section Section #2 –Problem-Solving This section of the test assesses your problem-solving abilities . You will be presented with a sequence of shapes and figures with one missing piece. You will need to identify the ruling pattern and determine which is the next in the series. This section includes 5 questions . Let’s see an example question – What is the next grid in the sequence? Wrong Wrong Correct! Wrong View Explanation There are two patterns of change in this set: The diagonal from the upper-left corner to the bottom-right corner loses two squares every step, starting from the centre and moving towards the corners. Therefore, there should be no black squares in this diagonal in the next step . The diagonal from the upper-right corner to the bottom-left corner gains two black squares every step, also starting from the centre and moving towards the corners. Therefore, there should be 6 black squares in this diagonal in the next grid . The correct answer is C Take notice that on the actual test, this part is divided into two parts: Problem-Solving 1 & 2. Tip : Once you've identified the pattern, apply the rule to the given elements in the series. Ensure that it correctly predicts the next element in the series based on the pattern you've deduced. Citi Plum Assessment Section #3 – “You” Descriptor This section of the test assesses your work-related behaviour and tendencies . You will be presented with several workplace scenarios followed by numerous possible responses, known as a Situational Judgment Test (SJT). You will need to choose the response that is the most effective to handle the situation and the one that is the least effective. This section includes 7 questions . Let's look at a sample question – You have been in your role at the company for two years, working with several small clients. You were recently assigned a big project and were very excited about this new opportunity. This morning, you were scheduled to sit with the client and your manager to go over your recommendations for the client. Halfway through the meeting, your manager intervenes during your presentation. She apologizes to the client and asks you to step outside the conference room. Once you are alone, your manager expresses her dissatisfaction with the meeting, saying the client does not seem happy with your conclusions and suggests that, perhaps, you failed to gather appropriate and sufficient evidence to support your conclusions. What would you do in this situation? Please rank the responses below on a scale of 1 to 5 with 1 being what you are most likely to do and 5 being what you are least likely to do. A You accept your manager's criticism , even though you don't agree with it. You return to the meeting and continue as planned, asking your manager to offer her comments at the end of your presentation. B You decide not to make an issue of it for the time being and return to the meeting to continue as planned. You ask your manager to discuss the subject with you after the meeting. C You are concerned about the manager's disapproval of your work . After the meeting, you write her an e-mail apologizing for your lack of experience and promise to go over the data and refine your conclusions. D You feel your manager has embarrassed you in front of the client . You ask her to refrain from making further comments during the rest of the meeting and later write her an e-mail explaining what you think you did in the meeting and why it was appropriate. E You feel you have disappointed your manager and ask to be excused from the rest of the meeting. You do not want to damage the company's reputation and feel your manager is better equipped to handle the rest of the meeting. Click here to view the solution Primary competencies : Resilience/Determination Secondary competencies : Working under management; Social intelligence, Openness to criticism The correct ranking is : 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 Explanation : The scenario portrays an uncomfortable situation in which your manager criticizes you during a presentation and you are expected to (a) accept the criticism and (b) handle any negative emotions that may arise, so you can continue with your obligations towards your client. Let's consider each response separately: Response #1 : You accept your manager's criticism, rather than become defensive and reject it. You exhibit a high level of self-control by continuing your presentation, while incorporating your manager's viewpoint during the meeting with the client. This is an excellent response. Response #2 : You don't allow your negative emotions to overshadow your judgment and continue with your presentation, despite the negative comments you have received from your manager. You do not incorporate your manager's viewpoint during the meeting with the client, but you make up for this by setting a later date to deal with the criticism more comprehensively. Response #3 : This response indicates you are overwhelmed by feelings of self-blame and anxiety over your manager's opinion of you. Although you promise to go over the data and refine your conclusion, you do not seek your manager's input during the meeting, and you fail to set a future time to discuss and deal with the criticism more comprehensively. This is not a preferred response. Response #4 : You are acting defensively in response to your manager's criticism. This reaction portrays an emotionally unstable employee who has a hard time dealing with frustration. You do not seem open to accepting a different opinion than your own as you insist on presenting your own viewpoint in a later meeting with the manager. This is a negative response. Response #5 : This is by far the worst possible response as you are so distressed by your manager's criticism you cannot return to the meeting and finish your obligations. Therefore, this response indicates a low level of emotional stability. Responses one and two are positive responses, as in both, you prove your ability to accept criticism and demonstrate self-control by continuing your presentation. Response one is slightly better due to the fact that you deal with the criticism immediately, rather than putting it off. Responses three, four, and five are negative responses, as you do not respond to the criticism positively. Response three is better than responses four and five, as even though you are overwhelmed by the criticism, you still agree to accept it, and you continue presenting to the client. Response Five is the worst response, as you have taken the criticism so negatively that you are too emotionally unstable to perform your job. Tip : In some situations, the correct answers might seem obvious. However, they actually depend on the specific position and the company culture you have applied to. When choosing your answer, consider your job description and its requirements. Your Citi Plum Assessment Profile After completing your Citi Plum Assessment, you will receive a personalized profile. The profile is divided into three sections – Your top three talents out of the 10 Plum Talents. Your preferable working environment and work style. Questions you should ask yourself and your interviewer when applying to a new position. The profile provides valuable self-insights that can enhance your understanding of the motivations and drives necessary for thriving in your position and workplace. What Does the Plum Assessment Measure? The Plum aptitude test measures your natural abilities according to the 10 Talents: Adaptation – the ability to adjust to changes while preserving a positive demeanour. Communication – the ability to effectively express ideas and identify and understand other people’s opinions. Conflict Resolution – the ability to unite people to reconcile differences and resolve conflicts. Decision Making – the ability to assess information and make a high-quality knowledge-based decision. Embracing Diversity – the ability to understand other people's points of view and effectively manage different types of people and needs. Execution – the ability to set goals, oversee progression, take initiatives to improve the process, and reach the desired result. Innovation – the ability to initiate new ideas and creative solutions to solve problems. Managing Others – the ability to lead a group of people and to motivate them toward common goals. Persuasion – the ability to convince people to go in your direction, suggestion, idea, or initiative. Teamwork – the ability to cooperate and work efficiently with other people. Prepare for Your Citi Online Assessment in 5 Days or Less! Real, Accurate Online Prep - Mock tests for the Citi Online Test, simulating structure, content, and formatting. Learn in the Process - Detailed answers and explanations to all questions. Covers All Positions - Graduate programme? Spring Insig