Job Application for Customer Success Manager I, UK & ireland at GoCardless Back to jobs Customer Success Manager I, UK & ireland Leeds, UK Apply About us GoCardless, a Mollie company, is a global leader in bank payments. Over 100,000 businesses, from start-ups to household names, use GoCardless to collect, manage and send bank payments through Direct Debit, real-time payments and open banking. With US$130bn+ processed annually across 30+ countries, we handle recurring and one-off payments without the chasing, stress, or expensive fees. Our end-to-end payment platform also features AI-powered solutions to improve payment success and reduce fraud, alongside connections to over 350 platforms businesses use everyday. We are headquartered in the UK, with teams and operations spanning North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific. For more information, please visit www.gocardless.com and follow us on LinkedIn @GoCardless. Mollie is the leading payments and financial services partner for business, rooted in Europe, with global reach. The role Working with customers across the UK & Ireland, you will be responsible for the successful adoption and growth of your portfolio across a variety of customers. Your primary responsibility will be identifying a path to increase the breadth and depth of GoCardless usage and value across the customers footprint. You will need to work closely with your account team to map the scope by customer, identify stakeholders, assess risk/opportunity and create an execution plan. As a part of our wider success team, you will also work closely with Professional Services to drive implementation and time to value, our Customer Advocacy team to enhance the customer experience and share success stories, and Renewal Managers to work towards retention alongside a dedicated Account Executive for expansion and growth opportunities. You will own the customer lifecycle, delivering value at each milestone and will be excited to drive the awareness and uptake of GoCardless as an account to account payments provider offering Bank Debit alongside our Open Banking capabilities. As a CSM at GoCardless you will: Manage a book of business (BOB) and ensure delivery against milestones throughout the customer lifecycle, aligned with our team’s business KPIs. Demonstrate strategic ownership of your BOB by operating independently, proactively identifying solutions to challenges and blockers, and leveraging direction from CS leadership when required Drive commercial discussions with customers by devising strategies to drive positive Net Revenue Retention. Own and execute Account Plans tailored to each customer's strategic goals, positioning GoCardless as a trusted partner. Partner with the Account Management and Sales team on Account Planning and driving total book of business growth through competitive, market and whitespace analysis. Share commercial ownership of the Account Commercial Success including the need to Identify, nurture and close expansion opportunities across the base. Identify and build a strong relationship with key stakeholders including C-suite, champions and end-users. Work Cross functionally and collaboratively involving leadership across the business to drive customer value. Mitigate risk including managing renewals for existing customers Forecasting accountability for your owned book of business What excites us: 2+ years experience in complex end-to-end client facing work environment 2+ years experience with CS/Sales and/or Account Management Additional languages a plus Be a team player and have a growth mindset Strong listening and verbal communication skills: you will need to quickly understand customer needs or issues and deliver a clear and concise response via video calls, emails, in person meetings Ability to manage conflicting priorities and thrive in a fast-paced environment Be a good collaborator and can motivate or maintain enthusiasm of your team members Finance/Payments industry experience is a plus Base salary range: £27,976 - £40,200 Base salary ranges are based on role, job level, location, and market data. Please note that whilst we strive to offer competitive compensation, our approach is to pay between the minimum and the mid-point (£27,976 - £33,680) of the pay range until performance can be assessed in role. Offers will take into account level of experience, interview assessment, budgets and parity between you and fellow employees at GoCardless doing similar work. (some of) The good stuff Wellbeing - stay healthy with dedicated support and medical cover Work away scheme - gives you the option to work away from your country of residence for up to 90 days in any 12 month period Adaptive Working - allows you to work flexibly, around your lifestyle Parental leave - to suit everyone embarking on life's great adventure Learning Budget - lead your own development with an annual learning budget Time off - generous holiday allowance, + 3 annual volunteer days, + 4 annual business-wide wellness days (‘GC Fridays’) Life at GoCardless We're an organisation defined by our values ; We start with why before we begin any project, to ensure it’s aligned with our mission. We act with integrity , always. We care deeply about what we do and we know it's essential that we be humble whilst we do it. Working this way creates the GC magic- the reason we all love showing up to work. Diversity & Inclusion As of April 2025, we had 806 employees (GeeCees) globally, with 524 based in the UK, 163 based in Latvia and 119 across our other offices. To ensure that we're representative of the world around us - and to be able to review relevant benchmarks - we ask GeeCees to voluntarily disclose diversity data. This year, the proportion of GeeCees providing data increased to 88% (up from 79% in 2024). With regards to diversity within GoCardless, we can see GeeCees identifying as: Asian, Black, Mixed or Other — 25% Neurodiverse — 9% LGBTQIA+ — 9% Disabled — 1% Average age — 33 Female — 45% Male — 55% We’re rooting for you during your application and GoCardless aims to provide reasonable adjustments to make our recruitment process as remarkable and accessible as we can. Please speak to your Talent Partner if you need extra support. If you want to learn more, you can read about our Employee Resource Groups and objectives here Sustainability We’re committed to reducing our impact on the environment, leaving a more sustainable world for future generations. Check out our sustainability action plan here. Find out more about Life at GoCardless via Twitter , Instagram and LinkedIn . Create a Job Alert Interested in building your career at GoCardless? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email. Create alert Apply for this job * indicates a required field Autofill my application First Name * Last Name * Preferred First Name Email * Phone Country Phone Resume/CV Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Hybrid work policy * Select... At GoCardless, we believe in fostering a high-performance culture built on trust, which extends to how and where we work. Our hybrid approach is team-led , meaning your specific working pattern and office frequency will depend on the needs of your functional group. We encourage you to discuss these details with your Talent Partner to ensure our model aligns with your expectations. Your privacy at GoCardless * Select... You share personal data with us which we use for our recruitment program. Read more about it in our recruitment privacy notice. Would you need us to sponsor a work visa? * Select... Pay range transparency * Select... At GoCardless we’re committed to fostering an inclusive and high-performance culture built on trust and transparency. To ensure you have a clear understanding of the compensation and potential growth for this opportunity, we’ve shared the full base salary pay range for this role. Please note, our approach is to offer salaries between the minimum and mid-point of the range. We want to manage expectations from the start, and if your application is successful you can discuss any questions around the pay range and salary with your Talent Partner. What are your salary expectations? * Are you able to commute to our Leeds office 2 days per week? * Select... How many years experience do you have in Customer Success/Sales and/or Account Management? * Select... UNITED KINGDOM - Demographic Questions We're committed to making GoCardless a place where everybody can thrive regardless of their background. Championing a diverse, inclusive workplace underpins our mission to build the world’s bank payment network. We continually measure our efforts to ensure we're on track, and that's where you can help. The questions below are optional but we'd appreciate you answering them. It's completely anonymous so your answers CANNOT be linked to you individually. They also don't have any impact on the hiring decisions we make. Want to find out more about D&I at GC? Take a look here . Which gender do you identify as? Select... What race/ethnicity do you identify as? Select... Which of the following best describes your sexual orientation? Select... How old are you? Select... What is your highest level of education? Select... Do you consider yourself disabled? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodiverse? Select... Is your gender identity the same as the sex you were assigned at birth? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse