Harrison Street - Summer 2027 Asset Management Intern - London Summer 2027 Asset Management Intern - London London, UK Asset Management – Asset Management / Internship / On-site apply for this job Harrison Street is one of the leading investment management firms exclusively focused on alternative real assets. Since inception in 2005, the firm has created a series of differentiated investment solutions focused on demographic-driven, needs-based assets. The firm has invested across senior housing, student housing, healthcare delivery, life sciences and storage real estate as well as social and utility infrastructure. HSAM Europe is a specialist alternative investment manager with more than €12 billion of assets under management (AUM), over 90 professionals and offices across London, Berlin, Geneva, Jersey, Luxembourg, Madrid and Munich. The platform combines deep local market expertise with the global resources and institutional infrastructure of Harrison Street, a leading global investment manager with more than $109 billion of assets under management. HSAM Europe invests across real estate equity, infrastructure and private credit strategies. The firm's real asset platform has developed a range of differentiated investment solutions focused on demographic-driven, needs-based sectors, including senior housing, student housing, healthcare, life sciences, storage real estate, and social and utility infrastructure. Its private credit business provides bespoke asset-backed capital solutions across real estate, hard asset and financial asset markets, focusing on small and mid-cap opportunities where limited access to traditional sources of financing creates attractive risk-adjusted investment opportunities. Responsibilities: Assist in the analysis of the Portfolio– including monthly financial performance, budget reviews, and buy/hold/sell analysis. Support the preparation and monitoring of asset-level business plans and value creation initiatives. Assist with the evaluation and oversight of development and capital expenditure projects, where relevant. Assist in the preparation of quarterly investor reporting material. Analyse the financial impact of capital events including dispositions, recapitalisations, and debt refinancings. Analyse leasing trends, competitive property sets, supply/demand data, and other market-level information. Assist in the preparation of Investment Committee memoranda for disposition or other capital calls. Support in the maintenance of joint venture projection and asset management models. Collaborate with operating partners, joint venture partners and lenders as part of the asset management process. Complete site inspection of existing and/or under-development properties alongside an analysis of the market and the competitive set. Participate in weekly meetings to discuss portfolio and asset performance, including distressed assets, upcoming sales, approaching loan maturities and the status of joint venture partner relationships. Perform ad hoc financial modelling projects aimed at increasing efficiency in asset management’s review of investment performance. Requirements: Pursuing a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree with anticipated graduation in Summer 2027 or recently graduated; Core knowledge of finance and accounting preferred Candidates should possess broad-based analytical skills Extensive working knowledge of Excel Demonstrates a strong interest in real estate Harrison Street is proud to be an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity, equity and inclusion in the workplace and is an affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to veteran status, uniform service member status, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information or any other protected class under federal, state, or local law. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions, please contact our ADA Accessible Line at (312) 920-0500 or [email protected] . All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations. Harrison Street does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Harrison Street will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Harrison Street. apply for this job Harrison Street Home Page Jobs powered by