Legal | PwC UK Careers Skip to content Skip to footer Early careers Experienced careers Flexible or contractor careers Working at PwC Our people, their stories. More Search Menu Early careers Early careers Applying and FAQs Employability hub Entry level Graduate Our events Our job search Training and development Undergraduate Menu Early careers Applying and FAQs Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessment and selection process Do you need immigration authorisation to work in the UK? FAQs The behaviours we look for Menu Early careers Employability hub Menu Early careers Entry level Entry level programmes Flying Start degree programmes New World. New Skills. Virtual Insight Programme Menu Early careers Graduate Advisory and Consulting Audit, Accounting, Tax and Finance Legal Services Strategy Technology and AI Menu Early careers Our events Virtual Classroom Menu Early careers Our job search Menu Early careers Training and development Menu Early careers Undergraduate Diversity Programmes Legal Summer Vacation Scheme Summer Internship Undergraduate Work Placement Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Experienced careers Experienced careers Application support Careers toolkit Partner recruitment Search all jobs Menu Experienced careers Application support Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessments - what to expect Our application experience PwC sponsorship and working permits Recruitment agencies The behaviours we look for Menu Experienced careers Careers toolkit Menu Experienced careers Partner recruitment Menu Experienced careers Search all jobs Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Flexible careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible careers Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Working at PwC Working at PwC Career development Discover our UK offices Inclusion Our business areas Our people. Their stories Reward and benefits Wellbeing at PwC Menu Working at PwC Career development Menu Working at PwC Discover our UK offices Menu Working at PwC Inclusion Menu Working at PwC Our business areas Actuarial Audit Business Solutions Consulting Deals Legal Operate Tax Technology Menu Working at PwC Our people. Their stories Menu Working at PwC Reward and benefits Menu Working at PwC Wellbeing at PwC Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Our people, their stories. Our people, their stories. Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Loading Results No Match Found View All Results Careers in Legal Working in Legal We have one of the most extensive legal services networks in the world. With legal specialists in over 100 countries, you’ll be joining one of the most extensive legal services networks in the world. We support clients to provide certainty in a time of disruption, providing clear and actionable advice, and embracing technology to enable better decision making. Our legal team is uniquely placed as part of our Tax practice, providing opportunities for collaboration between the wide range of skills and specialities we have at PwC. At PwC, we’ve got lawyers. But we’ve also got accountants, consultants, and experts in deals,risk, tax and technology. We work together to help clients unlock value, whilst protecting their people and organisation. The nature of our work is varied, and our client base diverse - you’ll rarely work on similar projects twice, and gain a wide range of experience. Technology has been one of the biggest disruptors to the legal sector in recent years, and we don’t expect that to change. We’re market-leading in providing tech-enabled solutions to our clients. We encourage our people to reimagine the work they do and come together as one team to be the best we can be. This is no ordinary legal career. We sit at the intersection of law, business and technology. We combine legal expertise with the scale, resources, commercial understanding and future focus of a global professional services firm. We surround you with experts and put the latest data and tech tools at your disposal. So you can have more impact, building deeper client relationships and solving real business problems. Career-defining opportunities​ We have a unique perspective ​so you can do more with ​your expertise. Our clients’ trust is key to our success. So, at PwC, you’ll go beyond offering legal expertise to act as a trusted business advisor. Developing a deep understanding of how organisations work, you’ll build powerful client relationships and deliver clear, concise, practical advice that creates tangible business outcomes. Client trust We build trust with clients so you can have more impact.​ The future of legal practice is rapidly changing and happening first at PwC. We have the investment and in-house expertise to fund, develop and deploy technology at scale and speed. So we’re embedding innovation into every aspect of our approach and helping our clients to do the same. Leading technology We are leading on technology so you can shape tomorrow. ​ What most people love about PwC is the variety and intensity of intellectual challenges. Our work is problem-solving at speed. And our unique position means that we’re able to invest early in defining how emerging areas of law are delivered. It’s stimulating and highly creative, demanding every ounce of your technical excellence, mental agility, curiosity and judgement.​ Stimulating challenges We tackle more complex projects so you can enjoy more stimulating challenges.​ PwC is a high-performance, ​people-oriented firm, with a diverse mix of people and a remarkable breadth and depth of expertise. Our powerfully collaborative culture means that there’s always someone ready to go above and beyond to support you. Collaborative culture We have a powerful culture of collaboration so you can rely on a network of high-quality colleagues.​ Progression at PwC comes in many forms, within the Legal practice and beyond. It’s about exploring your potential, finding the things you enjoy, and being valued for all that you contribute. Developing you as a rounded professional, not just a technically proficient lawyer, we’ll give you the resources to constantly update your skills, as well as the coaching and support to shape an individually tailored personal development plan. Career progression We invest in your skills, so you can build your own career path.​ < Back < Back [+] Read More Explore our teams Our team brings the best of business understanding, technology innovation and Legal expertise to advise our clients on industry and technology trends. NewLaw We support our clients in managing and transforming their legal operations by providing process and technology optimised managed legal services and contract review and remediation services. Learn more about this offering to clients Employment Our team provides the broadest employment law offering of any global law firm. We advise on complex UK and international HR projects, and acting on contentious and non-contentious matters. Learn more about this offering to clients Pensions We advise on all aspects of UK pensions law and combine our legal advice with expertise from pensions professionals to form a joined-up pensions service. Learn more about this offering to clients Corporate We support a range of services from shareholder agreements, joint ventures, limited liability partnerships, due diligence exercises and corporate simplification projects. Our team consists of specialists in business structuring, mergers & acquisitions and banking. Learn more about this offering to clients Data protection and privacy We provide business-critical support on data protection, privacy, confidentiality and security matters to businesses, governments and public authorities all over the world. Learn more about this offering to clients Financial Services We work with borrowers and lenders on a range of matters, from the negotiation of bank facilities, to fund acquisitions of properties to intra group financing. Learn more about this offering to clients Intellectual Property Advising business, from start-ups to multinational companies, on a wide range of legal and regulatory issues relating to technology, brands and content. Learn more about this offering to clients Government We guide public bodies and utilities through domestic and international law, contentious and non-contentious issues. Learn more about this offering to clients Entity Governance and Compliance Supporting international business with all aspects of compliance and governance issues. Learn more about this offering to clients Real Estate We advise on complex real estate structuring and acquisitions, management and disposals. Learn more about this offering to clients Tax and Regulatory Representing clients on a broad range of commercial tax and commercial disputes as well as environmental and sustainability regulations through ESG regulations. Where you can join us in Legal Legal Summer Vacation Scheme For undergraduate and graduate students Legal Services For undergraduate and graduate students Legal For experienced careers Explore our other business areas Business areas Join our Talent Community Sign up Follow PwC UK Careers Working at PwC Inclusion Reward and benefits Discover our UK offices Our People. Their Stories. Talent Community Alumni Our Business Actuarial Audit Consulting Deals Business Solutions Legal Operate Risk Tax Technology Early Careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Event search Job search Employability hub Training and development Applying and FAQs Experienced Careers Our job search Careers toolkit Applying Partner Recruitment Flexible and contractor Our job search Flexible careers Contractor careers Join our Talent Community Your account © 2020 - 2026 PwC. All rights reserved. PwC refers to the PwC network and/or one or more of its member firms, each of which is a separate legal entity. Please see www.pwc.com/structure for further details. Privacy Statement Cookies info Legal Disclaimer About Site Provider Provision of Services Diversity Web Accessibility