Job Application for Associate Data Scientist - Intern at Monzo Back to jobs New Associate Data Scientist - Intern London Apply 🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ Closing Date 1st November 2026 📍London | 💰 £42,500 pro rata | Data | L10 on the Data Framework Data at Monzo We have over 300 employees in Data at Monzo. Data is at the heart of Monzo's journey and our work defines the success and direction of the business. That means, similar to the rest of Monzo, Data too should be magically simple. We have a strong culture of data-driven decision making across the whole company and use data in everything we do; from machine learning models to detect and block fraudulent payments to analysing how customers use the app to improve our app design. We're great believers in powerful, real-time analytics and empowerment of the wider business. All our data lives in one place and is super easy to use. We contribute to an open source environment as much as possible. Our blog is a good place to learn even more about what we do. Data Interns As a Data intern at Monzo, you’ll be matched with a team where you’ll spend the summer working on a real project for our customers. You’ll have the opportunity to work alongside Data teams to learn more about what Data we analyse and how we use it to solve challenges at Monzo on a day-to-day basis. You’ll spend your internship: Learning about commercial products and how decisions using data can unlock more value for our customers Experimenting and utilising new data techniques to solve challenging problems Turning raw data into customer stories through models, analysis and visualisations that shape our product and app design Understanding the nuances of our data and building the key foundational knowledge for our new products and features What you’ll get exposure to: Python for data wrangling, analysis and building predictive solutions. SQL for data modelling and gathering raw data Looker for data visualisation Spreadsheets for data analyses 🤩 We’d love to hear from you if… You are completing a degree in STEM or Computer Science with exposure to programming and are graduating in 2028 You enjoy learning about new technologies and have a passion for problem-solving You are available full-time for a minimum of 12 weeks between June and September 2027, we will have two start dates in June for you to choose. You have the right to work in the UK without restrictions for the full 12-week internship and would not require visa sponsorship if offered a permanent position. You can work from our London office on a hybrid basis to collaborate with your team and mentor, as well as attend intern events over the summer Please note you must hold the right to work in the UK through the full duration of this internship. 🙌What’s in it for you 💰£42,500 pro rata 📍This role will be based in our London office on a hybrid basis (2 days a week in the office) ⏰ We offer flexible full-time working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team 💻 Top-spec Macbook to use over the course of your time with us 🧠 Knowledge-sharing sessions with your squad and wider discipline 👯 Team and company wide socials / events 🍝 Lunch on Monzo twice a week from a range of street food vendors 🌈 The application journey has 3 key steps Our application process involves three main stages: Submit your application with the short questions answered If you’re successful, we’ll invite you to complete an exercise to demonstrate your programming and problem-solving skills If all goes well, you’ll have your final interviews with members of our data team via Google Meet The closing date for applications is 1st November 2026, but we encourage you to apply as soon as possible as we will be extending offers on a rolling basis. We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo. You can read them here. Check out our blog to hear from our recent Interns. Equal opportunities for everyone Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our blog , 2026 Diversity and Inclusion Report and 2025 Gender Pay Gap Report. We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status. If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊 Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Let us know why you're excited to work for Monzo? (250 word limit) 🔐 Keeping your data safe is really important to us. Please take a look at our Candidate Data Privacy Notice (linked below) and confirm that you have. * Select... 🔗 Candidate Data Privacy Notice . Do you have prior coding experience? If so, please provide details about languages, projects or experiences that demonstrate your coding skills. Github or portfolio links welcomed. If you're studying a degree, let us know what degree course you are studying? What year of your studies are you in? What year does your course finish? 2027 2028 2029 2030 Where will you be living during this internship? Please select your preferred start date and end date for the internship Start 1st June, finish 20th August 2027 Start 30th June, finish 17th September 2027 Where did you hear about this internship? 🛂 If you’re offered a permanent graduate role after completing your internship, would you require visa sponsorship to work in the UK? Select... We legally have to verify your Right to Work in the UK before you can start working for us. We're asking for this information now so we know later what type of right to work check we need to do. Your answer to this question won't affect the outcome of your application, unless you'd need visa sponsorship but are applying to a role we can't sponsor. 🔐 Keeping your data safe is really important to us. Please take a look at our Candidate Data Privacy Notice (linked below) and confirm that you have. Select... 🔗 Candidate Data Privacy Notice . If you’d like to, please share your preferred pronouns (eg. they/them/theirs, she/her/hers). If you'd like to, please spell out your name how it's pronounced so we know how to say it. 🛂 Please confirm your Right to Work status in the location where this job is advertised. * Select... We legally have to verify that you have the right to work in the location where you'd be working from. Your answer to this question won't affect the outcome of your application, unless you'd need visa sponsorship but are applying to a role we don't sponsor. 👤 Identity survey Our goal at Monzo is to make money work for everyone. To do that, working at Monzo must work for everyone. We want to create an equitable, engaged and innovative workplace which gives people from all backgrounds the support they need to thrive and grow. Making Monzo work for everyone starts right at the beginning of every Monzonaut's journey: when they apply to work here. This demographic survey will help us better understand the people who apply to work at Monzo. It'll help us see how different groups progress through our hiring process, and where we need to make improvements to be more inclusive. If you choose to fill it out, all of the information you give us is: Voluntary . And we've included a "prefer not to say" option for every question. It'd be helpful if you still fill out the survey even if you choose "prefer not to say" for every question, as it's useful for us to understand & record this. We won't know if you choose to fill this survey in or not. Anonymous to Monzo . We can't tie your responses to you and they won't make a difference to the outcome of your application. We'll only use grouped responses for equal opportunities monitoring in our hiring process. For more information on how we'll use this data, please read our candidate privacy notice . By filling out this survey, you agree that we can use your responses for the purposes we've mentioned above. You are not letting us know if we need to make any adjustments to the hiring process because of disability or neurodiversity - to do this please email us. How would you describe your gender identity? Select... Do you identify as transgender? Select... What's your sexual orientation? Select... Do you identify as having a disability? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodivergent? Select... How would your describe your ethnicity? Select... Voluntary Self-Identification For government reporting purposes, we ask candidates to respond to the below self-identification survey. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. As set forth in Monzo’s Equal Employment Opportunity policy, we do not discriminate on the basis of any protected group status under any applicable law. Gender Select... Are you Hispanic/Latino? Select... Race & Ethnicity Definitions If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows: A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability. A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service. An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense. An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985. Veteran Status Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse