2027 Risk Management Group Summer Internship Programme - - 23634 - Macquarie Group Skip to content Macquarie Group Home Page Main menu. Press enter or space keys to expands and escape key to collapse Login Where will a career at Macquarie take you? Find out more Jobs Featured jobs Back to search 2027 Risk Management Group Summer Internship Programme Additional office locations Dublin, London Job ID 23634 Date 01-Sep-2026 Fixed term, Entry level Job category Risk Management Apply now Share Email Help Macquarie manage the risks of today and anticipate the risks of tomorrow. As an intern in our Risk Management Group, you’ll work with colleagues across the business to analyse complex information and support informed decision-making. Depending on your placement, you could assess credit or market risk, review quantitative models, contribute to stress testing and risk reporting, or help manage prudential and regulatory obligation s We are a global financial services group operating in 30 markets with 57 years of unbroken profitability. At Macquarie, you’re empowered to shape a career that is fulfilling and creates value. You will bring your insights and expertise to the task at hand and feel supported as you make your own kind of impact for a better future. What role will you play? Press space or enter keys to toggle section visibility As an intern in the Risk Management Group, you’ll join Macquarie’s independent risk function and help teams identify , assess, monitor and manage material risks across a global financial services business. You’ll gain exposure to objective review and challenge, risk analysis, regulatory obligations and reporting while supporting informed decision-making. Depending on your placement, you may join one of the following areas: Credit Risk monitors and manages risks arising from lending, financing and trading activities. You could analyze counterparties, financial statements, transaction structures and industry trends, support credit assessments and approvals, and monitor exposures and portfolio concentrations. There are opportunities available in London and Dublin, Ireland. Market Risk works directly with traders and business stakeholders to understand, measure and oversee risks across global financial and commodity markets. You could monitor exposures, review positions and strategies, apply quantitative risk measures and stress testing, and help establish risk limits for new products and activities. Model Risk helps ensure the integrity of key financial models used across Macquarie. Suited to candidates with a strong quantitative background, you could build mathematical models, challenge and assess model methodologies, conduct independent research and communicate findings with colleagues. Depending on your individual role, you could be: monitoring, analyzing and explaining risk exposures arising from trading, lending and financing activities reviewing financial statements, business models, positions, strategies and market or industry trends to identify key risk drivers supporting credit assessments, model reviews, stress testing, scenario analysis and risk recommendations working with business, trading, legal, operations and risk teams to understand transactions and provide independent review and challenge helping enhance risk frameworks, policies, limits, reporting tools and regulatory or governance processes Your nine-week programme will start with a tailored induction week providing you with the skills and knowledge we think you need to be successful. As part of this programme, you’ll : have the opportunity to gain insight into the financial services industry and build the technical skills and knowledge that will help you discover more for your career gain valuable experience and insight into your chosen business area, working closely with your team work side-by-side with business leaders and have the chance to collaborate on live projects and transactions from day one get on-the-job experience and hands-on training to help set you up for a successful career once you complete your studies. What you offer Press space or enter keys to toggle section visibility You have a unique perspective. We want to hear it. To be eligible for this programme, you must be in the penultimate year of your undergraduate or master’s degree and due to graduate in January to July 2028. A degree in Mathematics, Philosophy , Politics and Economics, F inance, E conomics, A ccounting, E ngineering, Physics or another quantitative or analytical discipline. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to assess complex information and draw balanced conclusions. Curiosity, commercial awareness and an interest in financial markets, businesses and risk. Strong written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to explain complex information clearly. Attention to detail, sound judgment and the ability to deliver high-quality work while managing competing priorities. A collaborative approach, with the confidence to contribute ideas and build effective working relationships. A proactive approach and willingness to learn in a fast-paced environment. An interest in using data analytics, technology or AI tools to s trengthen analysis , automate tasks or improve ways of working would be beneficial . We love hearing from anyone inspired to build a better future with us, if you're excited about the role or working at Macquarie we encourage you to apply. Inclusion at Macquarie Press space or enter keys to toggle section visibility We are committed to providing an inclusive environment for all, where different experiences, skills and perspectives are valued and respected. Macquarie provides access to opportunities for all individuals regardless of their identity, including age, disability, neurodiversity, gender (including gender identity or expression), sexual orientation, marriage or civil partnership, pregnancy, parental status, race (including ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, or socio-economic background. We provide reasonable adjustments to individuals who may need support during the recruitment process and employment. If you require an adjustment, please let us know during the application process. Learn more about Macquarie Our people blog Our inclusive workplace Benefits and wellbeing Recruitment process Follow us Follow us Contact © Macquarie Group Limited Important information Careers privacy policy Disclosures Privacy and cookies Manage cookie settings