Events - Lloyd's Skip to main content Back to Menu About Lloyd's Market resources Insights Contact Investors Careers Locations Log in About Lloyd's About Lloyd's Lloyd’s is the only insurance marketplace of its kind in the world. We bring together the world’s leading risk takers to advance global progress. Explore Lloyd's In the spotlight Our company Our people Our impact Investor relations Policyholders In the spotlight Half Year Results 2026 We have announced our Half Year Results for 2026. The Lloyd’s market delivered a solid first half performance, with gross written premium of £34.7bn and a combined ratio of 90.8%. View the results Join the Lloyd’s market Join the best minds in the industry. Access the expertise, knowledge and insights to protect and develop your business. How to join the market Our company Understanding the Lloyd's market Our strategy Our history The Lloyd's building Corporation governance Join the Lloyd's market Our people Careers Culture Our impact Sustainability Community involvement Investor relations Overview Financial results Non-financial reporting Our ratings Capital structure Syndicate reports and accounts Capital Markets Day Policyholders Policyholders Market resources Market resources Find and access the information, tools and resources you need when working in or with the Lloyd’s market. View all market resources Our featured resources Market communications Oversight Reporting Regulatory Market Directory Services Tools Our featured resources Requirements of the Lloyd's Council The rules which govern the Lloyd's market including byelaws and other requirements. View the requirements Crystal+ Crystal+ provides Lloyd’s market participants with quick and easy access to global regulatory, compliance and tax information, supporting our market in writing globally compliant business. Learn more about Crystal+ Latest market bulletins Market Bulletins are the formal means of Lloyd’s informing the market of business critical issues. View market bulletins Market communications Market bulletins Regulatory Communications Corporate notices Oversight Market oversight Delegated Authority Capital and reserving Underwriting Capital and Planning Group Claims Customer oversight Reporting Business Timetable Syndicate accounts and financial reporting Future of reporting Regulatory Regulatory Information Tax information Requirements for participating in the Lloyd's market Market Directory Market Directory Brokers Coverholders Managing agents Members' agents and advisors Open market correspondent Associations Services Multinational business at Lloyd's Member Services Learning at Lloyd's Culture resources Investment Complaints Lloyd's Agency Network Salvage Arbitration Branch Building facilities Tools All tools Insights Hub Crystal+ Delegated Authority tools Insights Insights Stay on top of all the latest news impacting the insurance marketplace and understand the innovations, trends and insights impacting the risk landscape. View all insights Featured insights News Risk Insights Innovation Education Featured insights Lloyd's Lab - the heart of innovation for insurance An award winning space dedicated to accelerating and fostering new products and solutions fit for the needs of our customers around the world. Explore Lloyd's Lab Lloyd's Academy The industry-leading commercial education platform for risk professionals to deepen their knowledge, strengthen their network, and leverage the unrivalled power and solutions of the Lloyd’s market. Discover more about Lloyd's Academy News News Events Media centre Risk Insights Risk reports Innovation Lloyd's Lab Education Lloyd's Academy Contact Investors Careers Locations Log in Search Lloyd's Events Home Insights Events Showcasing the Lloyd’s market to the world We host a diverse range of global events throughout the year, specifically tailored for businesses in the Lloyd’s market. From Lloyd's Academy sessions to Lloyd's hosted programmes, these events offer important insights on emerging risks, industry trends, and market opportunities. Lloyd’s events serve as essential forums for knowledge sharing and networking, enabling businesses to showcase their expertise and services to prospective clients, fostering valuable partnerships, driving innovation and growth. Lloyd’s are committed to maintaining standards of conduct which are aligned to the Lloyd’s culture strategy, download our code of conduct for further information. Code of conduct Upcoming events Useful information Visiting the Lloyd’s building The Lloyd’s building in London is the centre of our global operations, housing the marketplace and the majority of Corporation departments. Plan your visit Lloyd’s Academy The Lloyd’s Academy is the industry-leading commercial education platform for risk professionals. Learn more Past events Explore Lloyd’s events from the last year. View past events Stay connected Stay connected with our community. Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Instagram Contact us Please contact us if you have any queries relating to the Lloyd’s events programme. events@lloyds.com Subscribe for the latest updates Market Bulletins Tax news and updates Support Contact us FAQs Glossary & acronyms Accessibility Useful organisations Market resources Market Directory Crystal+ All market resources Legal Privacy Cookies Terms and conditions Modern Slavery Act Statement Subscribe for the latest updates Market Bulletins Tax news and updates Support Contact us FAQs Glossary & acronyms Accessibility Useful organisations Market resources Market Directory Crystal+ All market resources Legal Privacy Cookies Terms and conditions Modern Slavery Act Statement Follow us © Lloyd’s 2026. Lloyd’s and Corporation of Lloyd’s are registered trademarks of the Society of Lloyd’s. Lloyd’s is authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000.