Our Culture, Values, Purpose, And People At Oliver Wyman Skip to main content We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand Learn More search Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search Highlights Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search search Highlights menu close A dynamic, entrepreneurial culture makes Oliver Wyman teams extraordinarily effective Our People We bring experts in every relevant discipline to each client’s challenge. The value they deliver goes deeper than their resumes. Find out more Our Values Here are the bedrock philosophies that all of us share — including to lead with heart and to work as one. Find out more Our Purpose Together with our colleagues at Marsh, we build the confidence to thrive through the power of perspective. Find out more Oliver Wyman Forum We bring together business, public policy, and social enterprise leaders to create solutions to the world's toughest problems. Find out more Culture And Inclusion There’s no corporate mold to fit. We harness the power of individuality and differences to bring more perspectives to bear. Find out more Alumni Oliver Wyman people create new possibilities wherever they go. We’d like you to meet some of them. Find out more Sustainability Oliver Wyman is a CarbonNeutral® company with a long-term strategy to integrate sustainability into our operations and the way we work. Find out more Oliver Wyman for Society We strive to use our deep knowledge and diverse expertise to make a significant, meaningful impact on society. Find out more Global Leadership Team Council Colleagues from across the firm work alongside senior leadership to help define the firm’s long-term strategy. Find out more OUR EXPERTISE Industries Automotive Communications, Media, And Technology Education Energy And Natural Resources Financial Services Government And Public Institutions Health And Life Sciences Industrial Products Private Equity And Principal Investors Retail And Consumer Goods Transportation And Services capabilities Actuarial Consulting Climate And Sustainability Customer Innovation And Growth Digital Finance, Risk, And Restructuring Mergers And Acquisitions Oliver Wyman Engineers Operations Payments And Digital Economy People And Organizational Performance Performance Transformation Pricing, Sales, And Marketing Risk Management Strategy Turnaround And Restructuring OUR EXPERTISE Industries Automotive Communications, Media, And Technology Education Energy And Natural Resources Financial Services Government And Public Institutions Health And Life Sciences Industrial Products Private Equity And Principal Investors Retail And Consumer Goods Transportation And Services capabilities Actuarial Consulting Climate And Sustainability Customer Innovation And Growth Digital Finance, Risk, And Restructuring Mergers And Acquisitions Oliver Wyman Engineers Operations Payments And Digital Economy People And Organizational Performance Performance Transformation Pricing, Sales, And Marketing Risk Management Strategy Turnaround And Restructuring Footer XF Risk and insurance Reinsurance and capital People and investments Management consulting We're a global professional service firm bringing together capabilities across risk, reinsurance and capital, people and investments, and management consulting — building the confidence to thrive through the power of perspective. Terms Of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Statement On Accessibility Manage Cookies © 2026 Oliver Wyman, LLC. All Rights Reserved.