Investment Insights: Transition Infrastructure in Focus | TPG Skip to main content TPG Approach Platforms Global Wealth Solutions News & Insights About LP Login Shareholders Toggle Navigation Menu Investment Insights Share Investment Insights: Transition Infrastructure in Focus Sep.21.2026 In our latest Investment Insights episode, leaders from TPG Transition Infrastructure discuss the themes shaping the future of infrastructure investing. From power and transport to environmental services, the team shares how a disciplined investment approach, operational value creation, and the strength of the broader TPG ecosystem help uncover opportunities across a rapidly evolving landscape. What differentiates TPG Transition Infrastructure? Scott Lebovitz and Steven Mandel discuss how the strategy combines middle-market infrastructure investing with the capabilities of TPG’s broader platform, including operational expertise, capital markets resources, and the relationships built through the TPG Rise Climate ecosystem. Thematic Spotlight: Power Power demand is rapidly evolving. Hear how accelerating demand growth, driven in part by technological advancements and AI-related infrastructure needs, is creating new opportunities across power generation and energy infrastructure. The team also discusses the growing role of renewable energy and battery storage in meeting future demand. Thematic Spotlight: Transport Transportation remains a foundational infrastructure theme and the opportunity set is evolving. Learn more about how TPG Transition Infrastructure approaches the transport sector, focusing on scaled assets, contracted revenue streams, and businesses that can benefit from long-term sustainability trends while maintaining strong downside protection. Thematic Spotlight: Environmental Services Environmental services represent an essential and often overlooked area of infrastructure investing. Hear from JD Vargas on the opportunities across waste and water infrastructure, and the significant investment required to modernize systems and support long-term economic and environmental needs. Partnerships in Focus Partnership Perspectives from Angela Schwarz, CEO of Anew Climate Sep.21.2026 Read More Investment Insights The Expanding Content Economy Sep.15.2026 Read More Insights Investing Perspectives Shaping the Future of Healthcare Technology Aug.24.2026 Read More Signup for TPG’s LinkedIn Newsletter Approach Our Approach Healthcare SET (Software & Enterprise Tech) IDMC (Internet, Digital Media & Communications) Consumer Business Services About Remembering David Bonderman About Us Who We Are Careers Contact Us Platforms Capital Growth Impact Credit Real Estate Market Solutions Global Wealth Solutions Overview Private Equity Credit Real Estate News & Insights News & Insights Overview Insights Press Releases LP Login Shareholders Legal Legal Notices & Terms of Use Privacy & Cybersecurity CCPA Privacy Statement UK/EU Disclosures Web Fraud & Phishing Transparency in Coverage Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Vendor Code of Conduct Policy © 2026 Tarrant Capital IP, LLC, All Rights Reserved. TPG, the Half Star logo, and related marks and logos are service marks or registered marks owned by Tarrant Capital IP, LLC.