Trackr Trackers Premium Career Hub Academy About Employers Account Browse Trackers UK UK Finance UK Tech UK Law UK Engineering US US Finance US Tech Global France Finance Germany Finance Hong Kong Finance Trackr Premium Instant alerts for new roles. My Premium Manage your plan and billing. Your CVs & Reviews View your uploaded CVs and AI reviews. CV Review Expert line-by-line CV feedback. Group Chats Free communities to discuss applications. CV Template A proven, ATS-friendly starting point. Guides & Resources Guides, tips, and application insights. What we do Our mission and platform. Team The people behind Trackr. Contact Get in touch with the team. Centerview Partners 2027 Summer Internship Programme London, United Kingdom About Centerview Partners Centerview Partners is a premier provider of independent investment-banking advisory services, with a focus on forging long-term relationships to provide strategic advice to marquee companies around the world, with industry-leading expertise in M&A, independent board advice, special committees, shareholder activism, debt and equity financing, restructuring and recapitalization.Since being founded by senior bankers Blair Effron and Robert Pruzan in 2006 the firm has advised clients on approximately $4 trillion in transactions – many of them among the largest and most complex undertaken. Some examples of such transactions include Sprint’s $146 billion merger with T-Mobile, Paramount’s pending $110 billion acquisition of Warner Bros. Discovery, BAT’s $97 billion merger with Reynolds American, SABMiller’s £79 billion sale to AB InBev, 21st Century Fox’s $85 billion sale to the Walt Disney Company, Time Warner Cable’s $79 billion merger with Charter Communications, CVS Health’s $77 billion acquisition of Aetna, Anglo American’s pending $73 billion merger with Teck Resources, Exxon Mobil’s $64.5 billion acquisition of Pioneer Natural Resources, Kenvue’s pending $49 billion sale to Kimberly-Clark, CBS and Viacom’s $48 billion merger, Seagen’s $44.5 billion sale to Pfizer, Royal DSM’s €40 billion merger with Firmenich and AstraZeneca’s $39 billion acquisition of Alexion.Centerview is consistently recognized as one of the best investment banks to work for, thanks to its selectivity, partnership model, and strong values and the firm has been named as the #1 investment bank to work for in the prestigious Vault survey for an unprecedented seventh year in a row. Description 2027 Summer Internship Programme in London. This ten-week programme, running late June / July–August / early September 2027, provides hands-on exposure to complex transactions, financial and strategic analysis, and valuation methodologies. Summer Analysts work as core members of deal teams, directly alongside experienced professionals and partners of the firm. Strong performers may receive full-time return offers. Requirements On track for a minimum 2.1 degree (or equivalent) from a leading universityGraduating in 2027 or 2028Grade A or above at a-level (or equivalent qualification) in MathsStrong analytical thinking and intellectual curiosityDemonstrated interest in finance and investment bankingCollaborative mindset with excellent communication skills Apply for this role → You'll be asked to log in to your Trackr account to apply. Leading Application Trackers. Exclusive Opportunities. Resources Trackers CV Review CV Template Trackr Academy Resource Hub Quick LinksPremiumGroup Chats Employers AboutSitemapGet In Touch +44 7405 557020 info@the-trackr.com Inquire now Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Legal Hub © 2026 All Rights Reserved.