Health And Life Sciences | Oliver Wyman Skip to main content We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand Learn More search Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search Highlights Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search search Highlights menu close Health And Life Sciences // . // Industries // Health And Life Sciences What We Do What We Think Breakthroughs Solutions Who We Are What We Do Our innovative thinking and strategic advice helps clients in the payer, provider, digital health, and life sciences sectors realize their most ambitious organizational and operational visions by bridging the gap between their business today and their vision for the future. At Oliver Wyman, we are focused on creating positive change in healthcare, but we know we can’t do it all ourselves. Together, with today's leading healthcare experts and innovators, we’ve built a community to share and shape ideas that will transform healthcare. We work to ensure industry transformation through generating meaningful client impact, delivering strategic insights, and creating a healthcare system that meets the needs of communities and companies. On November 1, 2021, the Huron life sciences strategy consulting team joined Oliver Wyman, allowing us to bring our relentless pursuit of a better way to pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical device companies. Our new colleagues bring the expertise needed to help life sciences companies tackle their most pressing strategic questions, including increasingly complex commercialization and access-related issues. Our expertise Client Impact Our mission is to generate meaningful collaboration between cross-industry experts in order to nurture and inspire continued growth around the industry. Insights Oliver Wyman Health, our digital publication, is a virtual community of innovators showcasing ongoing strategic thinking about transforming care, engaging consumers, driving innovation, and maximizing value. Climate and Health Hub Discover insights on how climate change affects the global economy and human health, along with innovative solutions for resilient healthcare systems. What We Think Load More We are sorry, we could not find any results. Please refine your search and try again. Solutions Affordability And Quality Impact There is immense pressure across the entire healthcare landscape to provide higher quality care, improve the patient experience, lower costs, and reduce clinician burnout. Our Affordability and Quality Impact practice has deep expertise across lines of business to help organizations identify cost drivers, find efficiencies, improve quality of care, and more. Read More Who We Are Load More We are sorry, we could not find any results. Please refine your search and try again. Footer XF Risk and insurance Reinsurance and capital People and investments Management consulting We're a global professional service firm bringing together capabilities across risk, reinsurance and capital, people and investments, and management consulting — building the confidence to thrive through the power of perspective. Terms Of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Statement On Accessibility Manage Cookies © 2026 Oliver Wyman, LLC. All Rights Reserved.