How Oliver Wyman Empowers Communities Via Social Impact Skip to main content We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand Learn More search Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search Highlights Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search search Highlights menu close OLIVER WYMAN FOR SOCIETY MAKING A SIGNIFICANT, MEANINGFUL IMPACT ON SOCIETY Employee volunteering and fundraising efforts, pro bono social impact consulting projects, and nonprofit fellowships — these are the elements of Oliver Wyman for Society, a core part of the firm’s culture. We focus our programs on a singular mission: to make a significant, meaningful impact on society. At Oliver Wyman for Society, we strive to combine deep expertise with personal dedication, partnering with nonprofits and investing time to create lasting community impact Lauren Wylie, Global Head of Oliver Wyman for Society The team worked in a highly collaborative way with our leaders. They supported and challenged our thinking to co-create a new global strategy focused on all women for the next phase of our global expansion Ann Cairns, CEO, 30% Club Oliver Wyman For Society Annual Recap Discover our compilation of stories from 2025 showcasing the impact our global teams created over the year. Through pro bono projects, non-profit fellowships, and community initiatives, we continue to drive meaningful, lasting change. See how we made a difference The program In the following pages we highlight some of our work, its impact, and alignment to the UN Sustainable Development Goals. Social Impact Oliver Wyman offers our capabilities and capacity to organizations whose work improves communities and lives around the world. We prioritize projects that support the UN Sustainable Development Goals. Read More Community Oliver Wyman employees serve and strengthen local communities by volunteering and fundraising, mentoring to nonprofit organizations, and through sustainability efforts. Read More Nonprofit Fellowships We provide consultants with the opportunity to take leave and put business skills to work at nonprofit organizations around the globe. Read More spotlights on impact Singapore consultant Fay moved to Bhutan for six months through Oliver Wyman for Society’s Nonprofit Fellowship program. There she is working to support Tarayana Microfinance’s mission of poverty alleviation. Through the provision of agro-based business-in-a-box and microenterprise expansion loans, people in remote and vulnerable rural communities have the tools that will enable them to become successful micro-entrepreneurs. As the son of immigrants, San Francisco Community Lead, Eugen Xie understands how challenging it can be navigating college readiness and success. He currently volunteers with a Bay Area-based nonprofit organization, 10,000 Degrees, where he mentors students, assists with fundraising, and has a position on the organization’s Young Professionals Council. His passion for educational equity supports the mission of 10,000 Degrees to empower students from low-income backgrounds throughout their college journey. An active member of the Community Committee in London, Marissa enjoys volunteering with Magic Breakfast, who work hard to ensure that no child is too hungry to learn by delivering healthy breakfasts to feed children in need. They also offer expert support to identify and reach those pupils at risk of hunger. This work was especially important in the face of school closures due to COVID-19. Q&A WITH GLOBAL HEAD OF Oliver Wyman for Society, LAUREN WYLIE What is the purpose of Oliver Wyman for Society? The mission of Oliver Wyman for Society is to offer our colleagues opportunities to make a significant, meaningful impact on society. The program is strongly aligned with Oliver Wyman’s core purpose and values and is a foundational element of the company’s culture. Who at Oliver Wyman can get involved? The program is inclusive of all colleagues. Options include traditional volunteering activities, managing charity auctions, providing pro-bono support on social impact projects, or through nonprofit fellowships. We also team with Employee Resource Groups to support their initiatives, and we love to celebrate and learn about the passion of our volunteers through our “Spotlight on Impact” feature. How do we choose what to support? Oliver Wyman for Society is a globally guided program that is committed to aligning our experience and expertise with organizations and causes that support our commitment to the UN Sustainable Development Goals. While we believe this will enable us to make a more significant impact, we also offer flexibility so that offices can respond to the needs of their local community. What do you enjoy most about leading this program? I feel extremely fortunate to lead a program that seeks out opportunities to positively impact society. I am an optimist at heart and do believe that achieving our mission is within our grasp. I am guided by the famous quote from American anthropologist, Margaret Mead: “Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.” related insights social impact A New Strategy In The Fight Against Preventable Diseases An updated five-year plan aims to eradicate diseases that affect millions, focusing on neglected tropical illnesses. Read More Our Culture Empowering Communities Through The Wimbledon Foundation Oliver Wyman helped the Wimbledon Foundation refine its strategy and develop an impact measurement framework for local grant-giving. Read More social impact Developing The Business Case For An Archipelago In The Netherlands Oliver Wyman helped create a business case for the further development of the Marker Wadden. Read More Footer XF Risk and insurance Reinsurance and capital People and investments Management consulting We're a global professional service firm bringing together capabilities across risk, reinsurance and capital, people and investments, and management consulting — building the confidence to thrive through the power of perspective. Terms Of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Statement On Accessibility Manage Cookies © 2026 Oliver Wyman, LLC. All Rights Reserved.