Oliver Wyman Alumni Network — An Ongoing Relationship Skip to main content We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand Learn More search Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search Highlights Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search search Highlights menu close The Alumni Network An Ongoing Relationship Join our Alumni Network Our alumni are leaders, entrepreneurs, and innovators — and many accredit Oliver Wyman with playing a foundational role in shaping and accelerating their careers. All former colleagues are welcome to join the Oliver Wyman Alumni Network , a global community where you can reconnect with peers, access exclusive insights, and take part in events across our regions. By joining the network, you can: Keep up with firm news and insights. Reconnect with former colleagues and expand your network. Access professional and career-related resources. Attend in-person and online alumni events. Share your own updates and achievements. Explore and contribute to alumni stories and spotlights. After more than 25 years at Oliver Wyman, it’s inspiring to see so many exceptional people continue to thrive beyond the firm. We want those relationships to endure, and for Oliver Wyman to remain a helpful presence for our alumni throughout their individual journeys Erin Reedy, Executive Director of Internal Communications and Alumni REFLECTIONS FROM OUR FORMER CEOS Building Leadership Skills That Endure In a conversation with Global Head of Change Nikki Davis, former Oliver Wyman President and Chief Executive Officer Scott McDonald reflects on his 26 years at the firm, the leadership skills he developed, and his advice for the next generation of professionals. Now Chief Executive of the British Council, Scott shares how those experiences continue to shape his work today. Creating Career Defining Milestones In conversation with Erin Reedy, Executive Director of Internal Communications and Alumni, former Oliver Wyman President and CEO John Drzik, shares insights from his near 30-year career with us and the moments and milestones that shaped his leadership journey. Upcoming Alumni Events Chicago Alumni Reunion 18 September 2026 Toronto Alumni Panel & Reception 18 September 2026 Zurich Alumni Reunion 01 October 2026 New York Alumni Reunion 08 October 2026 London BFS Alumni Reception 14 October 2026 Sydney Alumni Reunion 15 October 2026 Dallas Office BBQ with Alumni 17 October 2026 São Paulo Alumni Reunion 21 October 2026 Consumer Industry Reception in New York 04 November 2026 Houston Alumni Reunion 12 November 2026 Dallas Office Alumni Open House 19 November 2026 We host a wide variety of in-person alumni events across the globe throughout the year, giving you opportunities to reconnect, exchange ideas, and grow your network. To register for any of our events, email alumni@oliverwyman.com . And, if you're interested in hosting your own Oliver Wyman reunion, let us know — we’d be happy to help bring it to life. Stories From Our Alumni Network When people move on from Oliver Wyman, they join a vibrant global community shaping industries and creating breakthrough impact around the world. Explore their stories and see how they continue to make a difference. Load More We are sorry, we could not find any results. Please refine your search and try again. Stay Connected to Oliver Wyman — In Your Career and Beyond TAKE THE NEXT STEP IN YOUR CAREER Register With The Oliver Wyman Alumni Network Global Alumni Team Rishi Chopra Global Alumni Lead, London Elisabeth Brassard Americas Manager, Boston Furkan Ercelik Alumni Data Associate, Warsaw Rishi Chopra Global Alumni Lead, London Elisabeth Brassard Americas Manager, Boston Furkan Ercelik Alumni Data Associate, Warsaw Let's connect Reach out for details on the Alumni Network, upcoming events, or ways to get involved. Contact us today Footer XF Risk and insurance Reinsurance and capital People and investments Management consulting We're a global professional service firm bringing together capabilities across risk, reinsurance and capital, people and investments, and management consulting — building the confidence to thrive through the power of perspective. Terms Of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Statement On Accessibility Manage Cookies © 2026 Oliver Wyman, LLC. All Rights Reserved.