Discovery Programme : Equity Research (On-Site) in Dublin, Ireland | Susquehanna International Group, LLP Skip to Main Content Toggle navigation What We Do Who We Are Careers Blog Discovery Programme : Equity Research (On-Site) Dublin , Ireland Equity Research Flexible Start × Privacy Policy What We Do Who We Are Careers Blog Copyright © 2026 Susquehanna. All rights reserved. Disclosures Privacy Information + Waiver Media Inquiry Your Privacy Choices Skip to Main Content Toggle navigation What We Do Who We Are Careers Blog Discovery Programme : Equity Research (On-Site) Dublin, Ireland Equity Research Flexible Start Back Discovery Programme : Equity Research (On-Site)JOB_DESCRIPTION.SHARE.HTMLCAROUSEL_PARAGRAPHJOB_DESCRIPTION.SHARE.HTMLDublin, IrelandEquity ResearchFlexible StartSusquehanna International Group, LLP Job Description OverviewAre you interested in exploring career paths in investment finance? Join us at Susquehanna to learn more about what a day in the life looks like for our equity and macro research analysts. You'll gain insights into various areas of investment finance, experience our unique culture firsthand, and leave with valuable tips on how to prepare for the interview process for the current graduate roles. Applications now open! Where: Susquehanna office in Dublin We will be in touch in January regarding next steps for attendance. What we're looking forThis opportunity is open to students who are in their first or second year of studies in any of the below subjects:Finance + Commerce Economics MathsActuarial Computer ScienceStatistics Engineering Please submit your resume in order to be considered for the programme. Eligible applicants will be invited to complete an online assessment. Susquehanna is an equal opportunity employer. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or recruitment process, please contact us.About SusquehannaSusquehanna is a global quantitative trading firm powered by scientific rigor, curiosity, and innovation. Our culture is intellectually driven and highly collaborative, bringing together researchers, engineers, and traders to design and deploy impactful strategies in our systematic trading environment. To meet the unique challenges of global markets, Susquehanna applies machine learning and advanced quantitative research to vast datasets in order to uncover actionable insights and build effective strategies. By uniting deep market expertise with cutting-edge technology, we excel in solving complex problems and pushing boundaries together. Apply JOB_DESCRIPTION.SHARE.HTMLCAROUSEL_PARAGRAPHJOB_DESCRIPTION.SHARE.HTML × Privacy Policy of Main site: sig.com This Website collects some Personal Data from its Users. Users may be subject to different protection standards and broader standards may therefore apply to some. Users can contact the Owner, to learn more about such standards. This document contains a section dedicated to Users in the European Union and their privacy rights. This document contains a section dedicated to Users in the United States and their privacy rights. This document contains a section dedicated to Users in Switzerland and their privacy rights. This document contains a section dedicated to Brazilian Users and their privacy rights. This document can be printed for reference by using the print command in the settings of any browser. Owner and Data Controller Susquehanna International Group, LLP 401 City Ave Suite 220 Bala Cynwyd, PA 19004 Owner contact email: techsupport-hrba@sig.com Types of Data collected Among the types of Personal Data that this Website collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: Trackers; Usage Data; number of Users; session statistics; city; ZIP/Postal code; state; province; country; county; latitude (of city); longitude (of city); metro area; geography/region; IP address; device information; app information; device logs; operating systems; browser information; language; launches; number of sessions; session duration; scroll-to-page interactions; mouse movements; scroll position; keypress events; motion sensor events; touch events; video views; clicks; browsing history; search history; page views; interaction events; page events; custom events; Application opens. Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Website.Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by this Website is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Website to provide its services. In cases where this Website specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools — by this Website or by the owners of third-party services used by this Website serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy. Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Website. Mode and place of processing the Data Methods of processing The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of this Website (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time. Place The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data. Retention time Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent. The purposes of processing The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following: Analytics, Traffic optimization and distribution, Tag Management, Displaying content from external platforms and Spam and bots protection. For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”. Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services: Analytics The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior. Google Analytics 4 (Google LLC) Google Analytics 4 is a web analysis service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing, (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. In Google Analytics 4, IP addresses are used at collection time and then discarded before Data is logged in any data center or server. Users can learn more by consulting Google’s official documentation. In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult their partner policy and their Business Data page. Personal Data processed: number of Users; session statistics; Trackers; Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out; Ireland – Privacy Policy – Opt Out. Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information. This processing constitutes: a Sale in the United States a Sharing in California Targeted Advertising in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, Texas, Oregon, Delaware, Iowa, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Nebraska, Tennessee, Minnesota, Maryland, Indiana, Kentucky, Rhode Island and Montana Displaying content from external platforms This type of service allows you to view content hosted on external platforms directly from the pages of this Website and interact with them. Such services are often referred to as widgets, which are small elements placed on a website or app. They provide specific information or perform a particular function and often allow for user interaction. This type of service might still collect web traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it. Vimeo video (Vimeo, LLC) Vimeo is a video content visualization service provided by Vimeo, LLC that allows this Website to incorporate content of this kind on its pages. Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information. Spam and bots protection This type of service analyzes the traffic of this Website, potentially containing Users' Personal Data, with the purpose of filtering it from unwanted parts of traffic, messages and content that are recognized as spam or protecting it from malicious bots activities. Cloudflare Bot Management (Cloudflare, Inc.) Cloudflare Bot Management is a malicious bot protection and management service provided by Cloudflare, Inc. Personal Data processed: app information; Application opens; browser information; browsing history; city; clicks; country; county; custom events; device information; device logs; geography/region; interaction events; IP address; keypress events; language; latitude (of city); launches; longitude (of city); metro area; motion sensor events; mouse movements; number of sessions; operating systems; page events; page views; province; scroll position; scroll-to-page interactions; search history; session duration; session statistics; state; touch events; Trackers; Usage Data; video views; ZIP/Postal code. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers; internet or other electronic network activity information; geolocation data; inferences drawn from other personal information. Tag Management This type of service helps the Owner to manage the tags or scripts needed on this Website in a centralized fashion. This results in the Users' Data flowing through these services, potentially resulting in the retention of this Data. Google Tag Manager (Google LLC) Google Tag Manager is a tag management service provided by Google LLC. In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult their partner policy and their Business Data page. Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information. Traffic optimization and distribution This type of service allows this Website to distribute their content using servers located across different countries and to optimize their performance. Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and the way these services are implemented. Their function is to filter communications between this Website and the User's browser. Considering the widespread distribution of this system, it is difficult to determine the locations to which the contents that may contain Personal Information of the User are transferred. Cloudflare (Cloudflare, Inc.) Cloudflare is a traffic optimization and distribution service provided by Cloudflare Inc. The way Cloudflare is integrated means that it filters all the traffic through this Website, i.e., communication between this Website and the User's browser, while also allowing analytical data from this Website to be collected. Personal Data processed: Trackers; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers; internet or other electronic network activity information. Further Information for Users in the European Union This section applies to all Users in the European Union, according to the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), and, for such Users, supersedes any other possibly divergent or conflicting information contained in the privacy policy. Further details regarding the categories of Data processed, the purposes of processing, the categories of recipients of the Personal Data, if any, and further information about Personal Data can be found in the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document. Legal basis of processing The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies: Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes. provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof; processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject; processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner; processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party. In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract. Further information about retention time Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent. Therefore: Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed. Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the Owner. The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to fulfil a legal obligation or upon order of an authority. Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right of access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period. The rights of Users based on the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner. In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law: Withdraw their consent at any time. Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data. Object to processing of their Data. Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent. Access their Data. Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing. Verify and seek rectification. Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected. Restrict the processing of their Data. Users have the right to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it. Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed. Users have the right to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner. Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller. Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance. Lodge a complaint. Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority. Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis for Data transfers abroad including to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data. Details about the right to object to processing Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection. Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time, free of charge and without providing any justification. Where the User objects to processing for direct marketing purposes, the Personal Data will no longer be processed for such purposes. To learn whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document. How to exercise these rights Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document. Such requests are free of charge and will be answered by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month, providing Users with the information required by law. Any rectification or erasure of Personal Data or restriction of processing will be communicated by the Owner to each recipient, if any, to whom the Personal Data has been disclosed unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. At the Users’ request, the Owner will inform them about those recipients. Further information for Users in Switzerland This section applies to Users in Switzerland, and, for such Users, supersedes any other possibly divergent or conflicting information contained in the privacy policy. Further details regarding the categories of Data processed, the p