Job Application for Senior Financial Crime Investigator - EU, Spanish & English at Monzo Back to jobs New Senior Financial Crime Investigator - EU, Spanish & English Remote (UK) Apply 🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ Remote in the UK 🇬🇧 | 💰 £31,100 - £39,350 (+ £2,500 Multilingual Premium) + Incentive awards tied to your performance + Benefits ✨ Start Date - 4th January 2027 **Please only apply for this role if you are fluent in both English and Spanish, applications that are not fluent in both languages will not be progressed.** Shift Options Available: Option 1 (Core Day Shift): 8.5-hour shifts scheduled between 07:00 and 18:30 (includes a 1-in-4 weekend rotation, with time off in lieu during the week) Option 2 (Late Shift): 12:00 – 20:30 (Monday to Friday, no weekends) We're hiring for opportunities in our Retail and Business Banking team. 👋 Hey there! We're Monzo, the bank that's making money work for everyone. We're all about waving goodbye to old-school banking and creating magical moments for our customers. This is an exciting time to join us as we continue to grow, and in this role as a Senior Investigator you'll play a key part in supporting our customers. 🔑 You’ll play a key role by... Investigating complex or high-risk anti-money laundering alerts on business or retail accounts. Responsible for recommending Suspicious Transaction Reports (STR) be by Monzo Bank EU. Making business onboarding decisions in high-risk or complex cases. Conducting ongoing due diligence on high-risk business accounts. Providing financial crime expertise and support to other operational teams across the business. 🤩We’d love to hear from you if… You have strong English written and verbal communication skills. You are Fluent in Spanish both written and verbal communication skills. You have strong experience of conducting high-risk business banking screening or complex business financial crime investigations. You have experience making independent, risk-based financial crime decisions in a regulated financial services firm. You have knowledge of the current financial crime landscape in the UK and the EU, and associated financial crime risks. The working hours to be covered by the team are stated above. The start for the role will be in January 2027 and you must be able to commit to the first 8 weeks of training Monday to Friday 9am-5.30pm. No holidays/time off will be authorised during this period. 🙌 What’s in it for you 💰£31,100 - £39,350 (+ £2,500 Multilingual Premium) + Incentive awards tied to your performance 🎂 We guarantee to approve time off on your birthday if it falls on a day you’re scheduled to work and it’s outside of your training period. 📍 This role is remote based in the UK. 📚£1,000 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences. 🏡 We will set you up to work from home; all employees are given Macbooks and for fully remote workers we will provide extra support for your work-from-home setup. ➕ Plus lots more! Read our full list of benefits . 🌈 Ready to join the Monzo adventure? Apply now and help us make money work for everyone in the EU! The application journey has 4 key steps Application questions Call with a Recruiter Take home task to assess your financial crime knowledge Interview to discuss your previous experience and technical knowledge and values & language assessment We want you to feel confident and put your best foot forward during the interview process. We’ve put together a prep guide here with tips on how to prepare for your interview - please take a look! This process should take around 2-3 weeks - your schedule is really important to us, so we promise to be as flexible as possible! We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo. You can read them here. Equal opportunities for everyone Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our blog , 2026 Diversity and Inclusion Report and 2025 Gender Pay Gap Report. We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status. If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊 Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf 🇺🇸 Are you a US Person? * Select... A US Person is defined as someone who: was born in the United States (US) has at least 1 parent who was born in the US is a naturalised citizen of the US is a green card holder is a US tax resident 🔐 Keeping your data safe is really important to us. Please take a look at our Candidate Data Privacy Notice (linked below) and confirm that you have. * Select... 🔗 Candidate Data Privacy Notice . 🛂 Please confirm your Right to Work status in the location where this job is advertised. * Select... We legally have to verify that you have the right to work in the location where you'd be working from. Your answer to this question won't affect the outcome of your application, unless you'd need visa sponsorship but are applying to a role we don't sponsor. We are hiring on 2 x shift rotations for this role: Option 1 (Core Day Shift): 8.5-hour shifts scheduled between 07:00 and 18:30 (includes a 1-in-4 weekend rotation, with time off in lieu during the week) Option 2 (Late Shift): 12:00 – 20:30 (Monday to Friday, no weekends). Please can you share your preference? *we will try our best to accommodate preferencs, however this cannot be guaranteed. * This role requires you to be fluent in English and Spanish, both written and verbal. Please can you confirm your competence level? * Tell us more about your experience of working in Financial Crime? * 👤 Identity survey Our goal at Monzo is to make money work for everyone. To do that, working at Monzo must work for everyone. We want to create an equitable, engaged and innovative workplace which gives people from all backgrounds the support they need to thrive and grow. Making Monzo work for everyone starts right at the beginning of every Monzonaut's journey: when they apply to work here. This demographic survey will help us better understand the people who apply to work at Monzo. It'll help us see how different groups progress through our hiring process, and where we need to make improvements to be more inclusive. If you choose to fill it out, all of the information you give us is: Voluntary . And we've included a "prefer not to say" option for every question. It'd be helpful if you still fill out the survey even if you choose "prefer not to say" for every question, as it's useful for us to understand & record this. We won't know if you choose to fill this survey in or not. Anonymous to Monzo . We can't tie your responses to you and they won't make a difference to the outcome of your application. We'll only use grouped responses for equal opportunities monitoring in our hiring process. For more information on how we'll use this data, please read our candidate privacy notice . By filling out this survey, you agree that we can use your responses for the purposes we've mentioned above. You are not letting us know if we need to make any adjustments to the hiring process because of disability or neurodiversity - to do this please email us. How would you describe your gender identity? Select... Do you identify as transgender? Select... What's your sexual orientation? Select... Do you identify as having a disability? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodivergent? Select... How would your describe your ethnicity? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse