JPMC Candidate Experience page Skip to main content. sitemap Profile Sign Out View More Jobs 2027 – Research – Summer Internship - London LONDON, LONDON, United Kingdom Apply Now Job Information Job Identification 210780476 Job Category Seasonal Employee Business Unit Commercial & Investment Bank Posting Date 31/08/2026, 23:00 Locations 25 Bank Street, Canary Wharf, London, Greater London, E14 5JP, GB Apply Before 01/11/2026, 23:55 Job Schedule Full time Job Description If you're ambitious and eager to apply your knowledge to real-world financial scenarios, this role is for you. You'll support your team with research, analysis, and preparatory work, while monitoring markets and developing trade ideas. This program offers hands-on experience, skills training, and professional networking, with the potential for full-time employment based on your achievements.What You Can Expect J.P. Morgan Global Research is one of the world’s most highly respected advisory franchises, providing thoughtful and differentiated exploration of sectors and companies, and actionable ideas and thematic insights that empower our clients to make well-informed investment and strategic conclusions, bringing clarity to complex situations. As a Summer Intern in the Commercial & Investment Bank Research team, you will engage in a stimulating, ever-changing environment, supporting senior colleagues with key research and evaluation projects. You’ll explore the sophisticated financial solutions we deliver across asset classes.This is a nine week program running June to August, targeted at penultimate year or final year students and is a pipeline to the full analyst programme the following year. Based on your personal and collaborative achievements, those who successfully complete the program may receive offers of full-time employment for the analyst programme the following year. You will monitor markets, research companies in depth, develop trade ideas, conduct portfolio reviews, and learn about the solutions and products we offer to clients to manage any market conditions. The program is an opportunity to take your career to the next level through hands-on experience, relevant skills training and valuable professional networking. Based on your individual achievements, those who successfully complete the program may receive offers of full-time employment.Expert instructors and J.P. Morgan professionals will teach you about our history, the scale and scope of our organization today and our ambitious plans for tomorrow. We’ll teach you technical and practical skills that will help you hit the ground running. Job responsibilities Research is fast-paced, demanding and intellectually stimulating. We look for candidates who are eager to learn, inquisitive, and curious and possess strong critical thinking, quantitative, and communication skills.Modelling financial statements and industry dynamicsPerforming detailed valuation workAssessing relevant news eventsAnalyzing complex data setsWriting research notes, sector pieces, industry and market overviewsAdvising internal and external clients, corporates and management teams Job SummaryAs a Summer intern within Commercial & Investment Bank Research, you will be placed within one of the following teams: Credit: Credit Research focuses on debt markets, assessing credit quality, market risks and relative value across companies and governments.Emerging Markets: Emerging Markets Research examines developing markets, evaluating how economic conditions, policy developments and capital flows influence investment opportunities.Equity: Equity Research analyzes companies and sectors, evaluating financial performance, valuation and the key drivers of share price movements.FX: FX Research focuses on global currency markets, assessing how interest rates, economic data and policy developments influence foreign exchange strategy.Macro: Macro Research examines economic trends, macroeconomic forecasts and policy developments by central banks and fiscal authorities. About You Required qualifications, capabilities and skills: Proven analytical skills, experience with quantitative (e.g., algebra, statistics, probability) and data analysisExceptional writing skillsFluency in EnglishGenuine interest in financial markets and economic data and trendAbility to multi-task and collaborate within a team environmentStrong organizational skills and ability to meet deadlines in a dynamic environmentConfidence and initiative to take on responsibility and manage your own projectGraduation date from June 2027 to August 2028. Preferred qualifications, capabilities and skills: Strong interest in global financial marketsFlexibility, attention to detail and thrives in a collaborative environment. Well-rounded academic background that includes details of extra-curricular positions is also of interest to us. Beyond that, what we’re most interested in are the things that make you, you: the personal qualities, outside interests and achievements beyond academia that demonstrate the kind of person you are and the difference you could bring to the team. Please note, not all hiring desks require specific languages however there will be some that do. Please ensure you list your language fluency skills on your application form to help us identify the most appropriate opportunities for you. We recommend that you apply to one Markets program only. Additional Information We fill our classes on a rolling basis and encourage early applications. At JPMorgan Chase, we champion innovative ideas and support your career growth in a diverse and inclusive environment. If you’re passionate, curious, and ready to make an impact, we’re looking for you. What’s Next? Help us learn about you by submitting a complete and thoughtful application, which includes your resume. Your application and resume is a way for us to initially get to know you, so it’s important to complete all relevant application questions so we have as much information about you as possible. To start the application, you will be prompted to enter your email address. Your email address will be used to create and maintain your profile so make sure it is one you will have long term access to. Do not use an email address with “.edu or .ac.uk” extension as doing so could result in delays receiving updates regarding your candidacy. If you are advanced to the next step of the process, you’ll receive an email invitation to complete (1) a video interview and (2) a math test, powered by HireVue. This is your opportunity to further bring your resume to life and showcase your experience and skills for our recruiting team and hiring managers. Completion of the HireVue video interview and math test is required, and your application will not be considered for further review until you have completed both. We strongly encourage that you apply and complete these as soon as possible, since programs will close as positions are filled. About Us J.P. Morgan is a global leader in financial services, providing strategic advice and products to the world’s most prominent corporations, governments, wealthy individuals and institutional investors. Our first-class business in a first-class way approach to serving clients drives everything we do. We strive to build trusted, long-term partnerships to help our clients achieve their business objectives. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. We also make reasonable accommodations for applicants’ and employees’ religious practices and beliefs, as well as mental health or physical disability needs. Visit our FAQs for more information about requesting an accommodation. Apply Now Similar Jobs 2027 – Sales – Summer Internship - London LONDON, LONDON, United Kingdom Posted on 31/08/2026 Apply your knowledge with enthusiasm and commitment in this real-world financial role. 2027 – Global Markets – Summer Internship - London LONDON, LONDON, United Kingdom Posted on 31/08/2026 Apply your knowledge with enthusiasm and commitment in this real-world financial role. 2027 Data & AI - Summer Internship - Glasgow, London LONDON, LONDON, United Kingdom and 1 more Posted on 31/08/2026 Lead impactful data and intelligence solutions as a Summer Analyst, turning business goals into measurable, end to end outcomes. 2027 Asset Management Investments - Summer Internship Program - London LONDON, LONDON, United Kingdom Posted on 31/08/2026 Work with portfolio managers and investment specialists while gaining exposure to every facet of asset management. . Privacy & Terms Privacy & Security Terms of Use Cookie Policy . Equal Opportunities Recruitment Scams Warning . Useful Links chase.com jpmorganchase.com jpmorgan.com . Careers at Chase Careers in the Philippines © 2024 JPMorgan Chase & Co. All rights reserved. JPMorgan Chase & Co. is an equal opportunity employer and affirmative action employer Disability/Veteran. GLOBAL / 日本語 / 中文 Careers Students How we hire Work with us Grow with us I am an employee IMPORTANT NOTICE: PLEASE READ CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE Privacy Notice Accept Decline Manage Preferences Are You Still With Us? It seems you've been gone for a while. For security reasons we will end your session automatically in 03:00 unless you would like to continue working. End Session Continue Working Work Summary This summary is generated by AI Assist. Click inside the summary text box to make changes as necessary. 1000Required Discard Add Summary Page 2027 – Research – Summer Internship - London - JPMC Candidate Experience page Careers loaded Digital AssistantAsk Me Something