Performance Transformation: A Core Of Business Value Growth Skip to main content We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand Learn More search Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search Highlights Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search search Highlights menu close Performance Transformation // . // Capabilities // Performance Transformation What We Do What We Think Breakthroughs Solutions Who We Are What We Do The forces of change around businesses are accelerating. But are you driving that change or reacting to it? Are you pivoting enough to stay ahead? And just as important, is your focus aimed in the right direction? Whether you’re seeking positive disruption, shifting your trajectory, or realigning to improve performance, our Performance Transformation (PT) teams support every aspect of a successful, lasting transformation. We start by applying our deep industry knowledge and multidisciplinary thinking to create an insights-led design. We calibrate that design precisely to your challenge and opportunities, working collaboratively with you to build a plan that your people truly own. And we don’t stop at delivering a roadmap — we help you build the operating model, capabilities, and culture needed to execute the change and deliver measurable value. Our expertise Operations Empowering clients to solve operational challenges and boost resilience — driving growth, efficiency, and rapid, lasting performance improvements with expert teams. People And Organizational Performance Helping clients boost performance and unlock value by building adaptable organizations, accelerating transformation, and growing culture and talent for lasting success. Enterprise Strategy Applying capital markets and industry expertise to identify the strategic levers management can pull to maximize enterprise shareholder value. Pricing, Sales, And Marketing Helping organizations enhance profits and unlock growth by combining data-driven insights with technology, enabling faster, smarter commercial decisions for lasting competitive advantage. Digital Partnering with clients to solve complex digital challenges, blending industry expertise with technology innovation to co-create resilient, customer-focused solutions that drive transformation and future-ready performance. What We Think Load More We are sorry, we could not find any results. Please refine your search and try again. Breakthroughs Vision-Driven Transformation Collaboratively, we helped a food processing company increase their maturity level across all functions for a more effective operating model. It came with detailed process descriptions, including an IT implementation roadmap, governance, a responsibility assignment matrix, and associated key performance indicators. We identified a potential €100 million of earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) with these changes. Meeting Ambitious Financial Targets We realized an improvement of earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) margin of six percentage points for a European automotive manufacturer with a transformation plan of our design. It utilized a holistic approach addressing a wide set of levers, combining cost-reduction levers (like product cost down, reducing spend, optimizing CAPEX) with sales and margin improvement levers (like digital- and intelligence-based sales campaigns). Engaging An Organization We helped a large inter-dealer broker organization stay relevant in a rapidly changing market by developing an ambitious and detailed three-to-five years growth strategy. Aligning across siloes, divisions, functions, and regions, the organization was engaged to take ownership of the result. If successfully implemented, we estimate around a 100% increase in earnings and a threefold increase in market valuation over a five-year horizon. Transforming Adolfo Domínguez To Enter A New Era As sustainability reshapes fashion, we partnered with Adolfo Domínguez to strengthen its responsible business model, elevate circular practices, and build a more resilient, future‑ready brand. CMB Monaco's Pioneering Digital Wealth Management Solutions Private banking is evolving fast, with rising complexity and shifting client expectations. We partnered with CMB Monaco to strengthen its strategy, modernize its operating model, and build a more agile, future‑ready wealth management business. Vision-Driven Transformation Collaboratively, we helped a food processing company increase their maturity level across all functions for a more effective operating model. It came with detailed process descriptions, including an IT implementation roadmap, governance, a responsibility assignment matrix, and associated key performance indicators. We identified a potential €100 million of earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) with these changes. Meeting Ambitious Financial Targets We realized an improvement of earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) margin of six percentage points for a European automotive manufacturer with a transformation plan of our design. It utilized a holistic approach addressing a wide set of levers, combining cost-reduction levers (like product cost down, reducing spend, optimizing CAPEX) with sales and margin improvement levers (like digital- and intelligence-based sales campaigns). Engaging An Organization We helped a large inter-dealer broker organization stay relevant in a rapidly changing market by developing an ambitious and detailed three-to-five years growth strategy. Aligning across siloes, divisions, functions, and regions, the organization was engaged to take ownership of the result. If successfully implemented, we estimate around a 100% increase in earnings and a threefold increase in market valuation over a five-year horizon. Transforming Adolfo Domínguez To Enter A New Era As sustainability reshapes fashion, we partnered with Adolfo Domínguez to strengthen its responsible business model, elevate circular practices, and build a more resilient, future‑ready brand. CMB Monaco's Pioneering Digital Wealth Management Solutions Private banking is evolving fast, with rising complexity and shifting client expectations. We partnered with CMB Monaco to strengthen its strategy, modernize its operating model, and build a more agile, future‑ready wealth management business. Who We Are Load More We are sorry, we could not find any results. Please refine your search and try again. Footer XF Risk and insurance Reinsurance and capital People and investments Management consulting We're a global professional service firm bringing together capabilities across risk, reinsurance and capital, people and investments, and management consulting — building the confidence to thrive through the power of perspective. Terms Of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Statement On Accessibility Manage Cookies © 2026 Oliver Wyman, LLC. All Rights Reserved.