Internship Opportunities | Careers | Boston Consulting Group Internship Opportunities As a consulting intern, you’ll collaborate with a diverse team to solve our clients’ problems, benefitting from our world-class learning and development programs. You can also build a solid foundation from which to apply for a full-time consulting role with us. Find Internships Looking for Internship Application Deadlines At Your Campus? Find your campus Where Ambition Meets Opportunity Whether you're exploring consulting for the first time or aiming to deepen your expertise, our internships are designed to challenge, inspire, and prepare you for a future of possibilities. Find the Right Internship For You Core Consulting Internships Available for students pursuing undergraduate, advanced degrees, and MBAs, our consulting internship opportunities provide real-life consulting experience. View openings Digital and Technology Internships Our BCG X and BCG Platinion digital and tech internship opportunities include fields like data science, software engineering, cybersecurity design, risk management, and financial engineering. View openings Business Services Internships BCG offers more than consulting careers. Discover internship opportunities in fields like finance, HR, legal, and more. View openings Preparing For Your BCG Internship When submitting your internship application, include your resume/CV and preferred work locations. Application windows may vary depending on your role and the location of your school or university. If you’re selected to move on to the next stage of the recruiting process, you’ll be invited to take part in a problem-solving interview. Learn more about interviewing on our interview process and case interview preparation pages. Need some tips before you apply? Visit our blog for advice on how to submit a great internship application. Read blog Hear From Past Interns “I was really impressed by the BCG internship experience. First, I saw that BCG has a really close relationship with leaders from around the world. Second, I found that at BCG, you are always surrounded by talented colleagues.” Stefano Moawad Alumni “From day one, I was trusted with meaningful work, including presenting to clients and owning analyses. The program also helped me build a strong network and lasting relationships.” Tiffany Kaufmann Consultant “My internship helped me understand BCG’s work and values early on. When I joined full-time, I felt prepared, supported by mentors, and confident stepping into the role." Anthony Okolo Consultant Frequently Asked Questions Does BCG visit college/university campuses? Yes, BCG actively recruits at colleges and universities worldwide. Our team may soon be near you, offering insights into BCG and our career opportunities. Find out if BCG is present on a campus near you. Does BCG offer consulting internships? Yes, internships are a common pathway into full-time consulting careers at BCG. Join us as an intern and immerse yourself in real consulting work. Mentored by our experienced consultants, you’ll take on meaningful projects, interact with our clients, and get a comprehensive view of life at BCG. Internship durations vary by role and location, typically ranging from a few weeks to a year. Explore our internship opportunities to learn more. What other opportunities does BCG offer beyond consulting? We offer a variety of careers outside of consulting, including data science and analytics, product management, business operations, finance and more! Get to know our teams better by exploring the ‘teams’ section of our navigation. A sense of mutual respect and mindfulness permeates our culture-in fact, it's the key to our success. Learn more Discover More Find a Job at BCG Discover opportunities that match your ambitions. At BCG, you’ll work with exceptional people, solve meaningful challenges, and grow your career across our global offices and disciplines. View Jobs What to Expect Our interview process is designed to be transparent, fair, and supportive. You'll have the chance to showcase your skills, meet our people, and learn more about life at BCG. Interview Process Get Ready to Succeed Succeeding in case interviews is about practice and mindset. We provide resources, examples, and guidance to help you approach each challenge with confidence and clarity. Case Interview Prep FOLLOW US © 2026 Boston Consulting Group Careers Events Blog Privacy Policy Terms of Use Personal Data Request Boston Consulting Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity / expression, national origin, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected under federal, state or local law, where applicable, and those with criminal histories will be considered in a manner consistent with applicable state and local laws. In compliance with the Transparency in Coverage Final Rules (85 FR 72158) issued by the U.S. Departments of the Treasury, Labor, and Health and Human Services, we provide access to Machine-Readable Files containing detailed pricing information. Additionally, disclosures required by the Federal No Surprises Act are available. 81291d04570141f7a9367e03f07b9922