Job Application for Associate Software Engineer - Intern at Monzo Back to jobs New Associate Software Engineer - Intern London Apply 🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ Software Engineering Internship (Summer 2027 ) Closing Date: 13th November 2026 📍London | 💰 £42,500 pro rata | Technology | L10 on the Engineering Framework Engineering at Monzo We have 500+ engineers across Monzo who design and build our in-house banking platform. We have big ambitions for the future, and technology plays a big role in creating a bank our customers want, so engineers at Monzo collaborate across disciplines to solve interesting challenges throughout the company. These range from the products our customers use everyday to underlying infrastructure, security, payments and finance, customer operations, financial crime, and data, to name just a few areas. As a bank, there is scope for impact across a huge number of opportunities. We contribute to open source software as much as possible. Our blog is a good place to learn even more about what we do. Engineering Interns As a software engineer intern at Monzo, you’ll be matched with a team where you’ll spend the summer working on a real project for our customers. We’ll pair you with a mentor who will support you to design and ship a solution to solve a real problem. You’ll have the opportunity to work alongside engineers to learn more about software engineering and the types of challenges engineers at Monzo solve on a day-to-day basis. You’ll spend your internship: Writing, testing and shipping code that supports new features for our customers Reviewing code for your colleagues, to pick up any improvements and learn from your peers Working with product managers, designers and data analysts on your team Learning about new technologies, engineering practices and what a full-time software engineering role looks like Proactively seeking out feedback to improve and accelerate your learning What you’ll be using: We rely heavily on the following tools and technologies: Go to write our application code (there’s an excellent interactive Go tutorial here ) Cassandra for most persistent data storage Kafka for our asynchronous message queue Kubernetes and Docker to schedule and run our services AWS for most of our production infrastructure and GCP for most of our data infrastructure React for our public web apps and internal tools Kotlin for our Android app Swift for our iOS app 🤩 We’d love to hear from you if… You are completing a degree in Computer Science or another technical field with exposure to programming and are graduating in 2028 You enjoy learning about new technologies and have a passion for problem-solving You are available full-time for a minimum of 12 weeks between June and September 2027, we will have two June start dates to choose from You have the full right to work in the UK with no limitations during the 12 weeks. You can work from our London office on a hybrid basis to collaborate with your team and mentor, as well as attend intern events over the summer Please note you must hold the right to work in the UK through the full duration of this internship. 🙌What’s in it for you 💰£42,500 pro rata 📍This role will be based in our London office on a hybrid basis (2 days per week in office) ⏰ We offer flexible full-time working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team 💻 Top-spec Macbook to use over the course of your time with us 🧠 Knowledge-sharing sessions with your squad and wider discipline 👯 Team and company wide socials / events 🍝 Lunch on Monzo twice a week from a range of street food vendors 🌈 The application journey has 3 key steps Our application process involves three main stages: Submit your application with the short questions answered If you’re successful, we’ll invite you to complete an exercise to demonstrate your programming and problem-solving skills If all goes well, you’ll have your final interviews with members of our engineering team via Google Meet The closing date for applications is 13 November 2026, but we encourage you to apply as soon as possible as we will be extending offers on a rolling basis. We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo. You can read them here. #EP-1 Equal opportunities for everyone Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our blog , 2026 Diversity and Inclusion Report and 2025 Gender Pay Gap Report. We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status. If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊 Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Let us know why you're excited to work for Monzo? (250 word limit) 🔐 Keeping your data safe is really important to us. Please take a look at our Candidate Data Privacy Notice (linked below) and confirm that you have. * Select... 🔗 Candidate Data Privacy Notice . Do you have prior coding experience? If so, please provide details about languages, projects or experiences that demonstrate your coding skills. Github or portfolio links welcomed. If you're studying a degree, let us know what degree course you are studying? What year of your studies are you in? What year does your course finish? 2027 2028 2029 2030 Where will you be living during this internship? Please select your preferred start date and end date for the internship Start 1st June, finish 20th August 2027 Start 30th June, finish 17th September 2027 Where did you hear about this internship? 🛂 Do you require visa sponsorship for the 3-month duration of the internship (Jun - Sept 2027)? Select... We legally have to verify your Right to Work in the UK before you can start working for us. We're asking for this information now so we know later what type of right to work check we need to do. Your answer to this question won't affect the outcome of your application, unless you'd need visa sponsorship but are applying to a role we can't sponsor. 🔐 Keeping your data safe is really important to us. Please take a look at our Candidate Data Privacy Notice (linked below) and confirm that you have. Select... 🔗 Candidate Data Privacy Notice . If you’d like to, please share your preferred pronouns (eg. they/them/theirs, she/her/hers). If you'd like to, please spell out your name how it's pronounced so we know how to say it. 🛂 Please confirm your Right to Work status in the location where this job is advertised. * Select... We legally have to verify that you have the right to work in the location where you'd be working from. Your answer to this question won't affect the outcome of your application, unless you'd need visa sponsorship but are applying to a role we don't sponsor. 👤 Identity survey Our goal at Monzo is to make money work for everyone. To do that, working at Monzo must work for everyone. We want to create an equitable, engaged and innovative workplace which gives people from all backgrounds the support they need to thrive and grow. Making Monzo work for everyone starts right at the beginning of every Monzonaut's journey: when they apply to work here. This demographic survey will help us better understand the people who apply to work at Monzo. It'll help us see how different groups progress through our hiring process, and where we need to make improvements to be more inclusive. If you choose to fill it out, all of the information you give us is: Voluntary . And we've included a "prefer not to say" option for every question. It'd be helpful if you still fill out the survey even if you choose "prefer not to say" for every question, as it's useful for us to understand & record this. We won't know if you choose to fill this survey in or not. Anonymous to Monzo . We can't tie your responses to you and they won't make a difference to the outcome of your application. We'll only use grouped responses for equal opportunities monitoring in our hiring process. For more information on how we'll use this data, please read our candidate privacy notice . By filling out this survey, you agree that we can use your responses for the purposes we've mentioned above. You are not letting us know if we need to make any adjustments to the hiring process because of disability or neurodiversity - to do this please email us. How would you describe your gender identity? Select... Do you identify as transgender? Select... What's your sexual orientation? Select... Do you identify as having a disability? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodivergent? Select... How would your describe your ethnicity? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse