2027 Corporate Risk & Broking, Internship Programme – London - London, England, United Kingdom English (EN) English (EN) Español (América Latina) Français Français (Canada) 简体中文 Português (Brasil) Deutsch Talent Community Settings Menu Home Why WTW Experienced Professionals Risk & Broking Health, Wealth & Career Corporate Functions Operations & Technology Experienced Professionals FAQs Early Careers Application Process & FAQ Events Life at WTW Join our talent community Home Why WTW Experienced Professionals Risk & Broking Health, Wealth & Career Corporate Functions Operations & Technology Experienced Professionals FAQs Early Careers Our Programs Application Process & FAQ Events Life at WTW English (EN) English (EN) Español (América Latina) Français Français (Canada) 简体中文 Português (Brasil) Deutsch Talent Community Settings Join our talent community Kiosk mode 2027 Corporate Risk & Broking, Internship Programme – London London, England, United Kingdom 2027 Corporate Risk & Broking, Internship Programme – London 202605404 London, England, United Kingdom Full time Add to favourites View favourites Description With 49,000 colleagues in over 140 countries, we help organisations make forward-thinking choices about their people, their investments and the risks they face. Joining our industry-leading Corporate Risk & Broking (CRB) team, you’ll be part of this impact right from the start. Our CRB business is one of the world’s largest insurance brokers and risk advisory firms. We help clients ranging from small businesses to multinationals to understand, assess and manage their risks. Our experts collaborate around the world to provide our clients with a broader perspective, data-led insight and exceptional service. On our eight-week internship, you’ll do more than experience our work – you’ll help us deliver it. At WTW, we believe difference makes us stronger. We want our workforce to reflect the different and varied markets we operate in and to build a culture of inclusivity that makes colleagues feel welcome, valued and empowered to bring their whole selves to work every day. We are an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive work environment throughout our organisation. We embrace all types of diversity. Responsibilities: Joining us for eight weeks, you’ll build invaluable real-world experience at the heart of our CRB business. You’ll work with and learn from our industry-leading experts, while: Gaining hands-on experience in the insurance industry Supporting senior colleagues with projects for clients in sectors such as cyber, finance, marine and construction. Tackling meaningful assignments that will help you develop your knowledge and skills Contributing to and presenting a group project This is the perfect opportunity to understand what you could expect if you joined our graduate programme the following year. High performers may be offered a place on our full-time Graduate Development Programme when you graduate. Qualifications Requirements: To transform your tomorrow with a WTW internship, you’ll need to be: Eager to learn and contribute Good with numbers An excellent communicator and team player Keen to solve challenging technical problems In your penultimate year at university On course to achieve a 2:1 degree in any discipline Closing Date: 19th October 2026 *** Please note that we do not accept multiple applications and you should only select and apply to one programme per year*** Workstyles: We’re open to hybrid working for this role. This means blending working at home with at least four days in the office, learning from experienced colleagues and getting to know your fellow interns. The Application Process: Stage 1: Apply online and attach your CV Stage 2: Complete an online test and a video interview Stage 3: Attend a virtual assessment centre, where you’ll meet members of the team Stage 4: Offer and onboarding We’re committed to equal employment opportunity and provide application, interview and workplace adjustments and accommodations to all applicants. If you foresee any barriers, from the application process through to joining WTW, please email candidatehelpdesk@wtwco.com We are committed to maintaining a fair and equitable process for all candidates – read our AI Guidance . Other People Viewed Director - Life and Annuities Consulting Hartford, Connecticut, United States. Atlanta, Georgia, United States. Chicago, Illinois, United States. St. Louis, Missouri, United States. New York, United States. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States US 1501 PHI1 000244 Gestionnaire administratif et comptable - CDI H/F Orléans, Centre-Val de Loire, France FR FRWC ORL1 177270 CUSTOMER CARE AGENT Milan, Lombardy, Italy IT ITLF BOL1 177102 New Business Development Consultant Durban, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa ZA ZAYA DUR1 100116 Share Unsolicited Contact Any unsolicited resumes/candidate profiles submitted through our web site or to personal e-mail accounts of employees of Willis Towers Watson are considered property of Willis Towers Watson and are not subject to payment of agency fees. In order to be an authorized Recruitment Agency/Search Firm for Willis Towers Watson, any such agency must have an existing formal written agreement signed by an authorized Willis Towers Watson recruiter and an active working relationship with the organization. Resumes must be submitted according to our candidate submission process, which includes being actively engaged on the particular search. Likewise, for our authorized Recruitment Agencies/Search Firms, if the candidate submission process is not followed, no agency fees will be paid by Willis Towers Watson. Willis Towers Watson is an equal opportunity employer. If you would like to have your contact information saved for future consideration, please email: Agency.inquiries@willistowerswatson.com . Our Offices Our colleagues serve more than 140 countries and markets around the world. This gives a global dimension to everything we do and creates lots of exciting opportunities for you to collaborate and grow. Explore the map below to see where you career could take you. Home Why WTW Professional careers Early Careers Life at WTW Join our talent community Search Jobs wtwco.com Terms and conditions Applicant Privacy Notice Candidate Artificial Intelligence (AI) Guidance EOE and Compliance Notices Contact Cookie Notice Limit the Use of My Sensitive Personal Information We’re committed to equal employment opportunity and provide application, interview and workplace adjustments and accommodations to all applicants. If you foresee any barriers, from the application process through to joining WTW, please email candidatehelpdesk@wtwco.com . Set cookie preferences Do Not Sell My Personal Information We believe in equal employment opportunity, and we are committed to fostering an inclusive culture and strong sense of belonging for all colleagues and creating a work environment where everyone is respected, valued and appreciated. We do not tolerate any form of unlawful discrimination, nor do we support any action or initiative that infringes upon any human right. Copyright © 2026 WTW. All rights reserved. Close Candidate Details This site uses cookies. Strictly Necessary cookies are always on. If you click on Agree and Proceed, then all cookies will be accepted, or click on Manage Cookies to see detailed descriptions of the types of cookies and choose whether to accept specific categories of cookies while on the site. If you close this banner, then only strictly necessary cookies remain on your browser. When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to functionality and personalization and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Manage Cookies I do not accept I accept Save