Oliver Wyman Values Skip to main content We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand Learn More search Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search Highlights Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search search Highlights menu close Our Values At Oliver Wyman, we celebrate entrepreneurialism and difference in all its forms. This means having common values to guide us is key. These shared values represent who we are and who we want to be. They help bring us together to create breakthroughs and achieve the amazing. Be Brave We stand behind our beliefs while exploring what drives them. We stand up for what is right and persevere through difficulty. We venture into the unknown, staying open to our greatest possibilities. Lead With Heart We build relationships with clients and colleagues that last, grounded in transparency, authenticity, and trust. We love what we do and have fun while we do it. And we combine this passion with rigor and skill to drive sustainable performance. Strive For Breakthroughs We bring deep expertise and profound curiosity to the pursuit of ambitious ideas and uncommon insights. We ask bigger questions, seek diverse perspectives, and challenge ourselves to find the most powerful and sustainable solutions. Work As One We succeed as a unified team of colleagues and clients, achieving together what separately would be beyond our reach. We care for and develop one another. We learn from differences, overcome divisions, and celebrate our shared achievements. Own Our Impact We act as entrepreneurs and stewards of the firm. We own the journey, acting with integrity at every step. And we own our impact, holding ourselves to the highest standards to deliver stronger results for our clients, better opportunities for each other, and lasting change for society. Our values are true to who we are — they distill the essence of Oliver Wyman. These values represent what it feels like to work for and with us OUR VALUES IN ACTION For breakthroughs For society For inclusion For the world OUR HISTORY From the mergers and acquisitions to the evolving strategies, capabilities, and global expansions, explore the key milestones and breakthroughs that have shaped the firm. Learn More Footer XF Risk and insurance Reinsurance and capital People and investments Management consulting We're a global professional service firm bringing together capabilities across risk, reinsurance and capital, people and investments, and management consulting — building the confidence to thrive through the power of perspective. Terms Of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Statement On Accessibility Manage Cookies © 2026 Oliver Wyman, LLC. All Rights Reserved.