Skip to main contentThis site uses cookies to provide you with a more responsive and personalised service. By using this site you agree to our use of cookies. Please read our privacy policy for more information on the cookies we use and how to delete or block them.DeclineAccept CookiesEarly in Career at BDOEnglishSign InSearch for JobsRegister your interest2027 Audit Summer Internship Programme page is loaded2027 Audit Summer Internship ProgrammeApplylocationsBirminghamSouthamptonReadingLeedsLondonView All 10 Locationstime typeFull timeposted onPosted Todaytime left to applyEnd Date: November 15, 2026 (30+ days left to apply)job requisition idR21066A bit about us Big opportunities. Personal support. That’s Beyond the Ordinary. Want to spend six weeks building experience that could take your career further? Our Summer Internship gives you the chance to learn by doing, work with clients and build experience alongside people who’ll support you as you go. BDO is the largest organisation in the UK mid-market and the only one above £1bn in revenue, with 8,000 people across the UK. That gives you the scale, expertise and breadth of opportunity of a major professional services organisation, alongside the personal support and close relationships that make BDO beyond the ordinary. The programme starts on Monday 5th July with an organisation-wide induction in Coventry (fully paid for). During this one-week induction, you’ll get an introduction to BDO, our values and our service lines. You’ll then be based in the office you applied to for the rest of the programme. You must be able to commit to the full six-week duration. A bit about Audit In Audit, you’ll get an inside look at how different organisations work and the role Audit plays in providing financial information that businesses and their stakeholders can trust. BDO’s Audit teams work across specialist areas including Pension Audit, Public Sector, Not-for-Profit, Financial Services and Technology Risk Assurance. During your internship, you’ll get hands-on experience working with clients, while learning how our teams assess risks, challenge judgements and understand the systems behind financial statements. With BDO looking after over 400 of the UK’s 6,000 pension schemes, you’ll get exposure to work at significant scale and see how Audit supports organisations across different sectors. You won’t just be watching from the sidelines. You’ll have opportunities to contribute to live work, learn directly from experienced colleagues and start building your problem-solving, commercial and relationship skills. It’s big experience with personal support — and that isn’t all. When you successfully complete your internship, you could be offered the opportunity to return after graduation and join the team you already know, giving you a direct route into your graduate programme with BDO. And a bit about the programme During your internship, you’ll explore our business areas, learn about professional qualifications and take part in workshops focused on our values, culture and wellbeing. Then you’ll put that learning into practice, getting involved alongside experienced colleagues and other interns. It’s a chance to try new things, build your confidence and get a proper feel for working at BDO – with people around you to answer questions and help you make the most of the experience. As for you You’re inquisitive, adaptable and ready to learn. You enjoy solving problems, working with other people and trying something new. You don’t need to arrive knowing everything about Audit. Bring your curiosity and willingness to get involved, and we’ll give you opportunities to build your skills, confidence and experience from there. Join us in one of the following hubs - Birmingham, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Leeds, Liverpool, London, Manchester, Nottingham, Reading or Southampton. One thing to note: you’ll need to live within a commutable distance of the office you apply to. Relocation support is not provided, so please consider this carefully before applying. Time together in person matters – whether that’s in the office or with clients – for your learning, building relationships and getting the most from your internship. Is it for you? To apply, you’ll need: To be a second-year student on an undergraduate degree, seeking a summer placement A minimum 2:2 degree in any discipline (obtained or predicted) Three A-levels or equivalent at grades A*-C (excluding General Studies and Extended Projects) or four Scottish Advanced Highers at grade A-B. Please note: we do not use UCAS points. You'll be asked to provide evidence if you're successful GCSEs at grade 4 and above in Maths and English, or Scottish National 5 grade A-C. You’ll also need to provide evidence if successful The right to work in the UK How the interview process will go We want you to know what to expect, so here’s the typical process: Online application form. Online assessments. Video interview. Virtual assessment centre and interview. We’ll keep you updated at each stage and share tips to help you prepare. And just so you know: we don’t use AI in any part of our candidate screening process. Every application is reviewed by a real person. What you get in return Our benefits are designed to support your life in and outside of work, with options including additional leave, gym membership and employee discounts, alongside pension, health and wellbeing support and a range of protection benefits. Salary £26,615 - £28,275 depending on location Closing date for applications is Sunday 15th November 2026 Before you go Six weeks at BDO is a chance to do more than learn about Audit. You’ll experience client work, meet people across the organisation and build skills and confidence you can take with you wherever you go next. You’ll have opportunities to get involved, with people around to help you learn and make the most of them. Big opportunities. Personal support. That’s Beyond the Ordinary. Apply now. Our organisation is distinctive because we preserve and build on the strengths of our culture and the characteristics that make us successful and different. We look for people from all kinds of backgrounds who share these same qualities. #LIAbout UsBDO UK provides tax, audit and assurance, advisory and business outsourcing services. Our clients are Britain’s economic engine – ambitious, entrepreneurially-spirited and high‑growth businesses that fuel the economy - and the owners and management teams that lead them. Our partners and staff are specialists in their fields and have a proactive, flexible approach to helping clients overcoming the challenges they face. We aim to be as innovative and entrepreneurial as our clients. Our approach and expertise are what help us deliver exceptional client service. 95% of our clients would recommend us. We operate from 17 locations across the UK, covering all major business centres. We employ 8,000 people who are encouraged to bring their best selves to work; taking responsibility for their work and their relationships with clients. All our people share core values that underpin both our culture and the value that we bring to our clients. Our values are also reflected in continued focus on ESG. Our firm is distinctive and we want to preserve and build on the strengths of our culture and the characteristics that make us both successful and different. We look for people from all kinds of backgrounds who share these same qualities.BDO LLP is a key member of the BDO global network of public accounting, tax and advisory firms. The firms have representation in 166 countries, with 115,700 people working out of over 1,776 offices worldwide. That’s BDO and we are proud to be part of it. Being part of an integrated network of firms across the world provides us with myriad opportunities for success.Read MoreFollow UsPrivacy Policy© 2026 Workday, Inc. All rights reserved.