Our industry specialization means you get results fast Skip to main content We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand Learn More search Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search Highlights Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search search Highlights menu close Industries We are committed to industry specialization because we know you don’t have time for a learning curve. Here are the industries where we have world-class expertise. Our Expertise Industries Share Industry Automotive Oliver Wyman supports leading auto manufacturers and suppliers worldwide as they develop and operationalize profitable business strategies and master today’s pressing digital challenges. Read More Industry Communications, Media, And Technology Our Communications, Media, and Technology teams work globally to augment our clients’ expertise and capabilities. Read More Industry Education We help market-leading education companies drive innovation. Our team of experts solve problems across the education lifecycle, from pre-K and K-12, to higher ed and professional certification. Read More Industry Energy And Natural Resources Oliver Wyman works with companies across the oil and gas, utilities, chemicals, and mining sectors to address strategic and operational challenges. Read More Industry Financial Services We partner with the world’s leading financial institutions on their most significant challenges. Read More Industry Government And Public Institutions We advise leaders across all levels of government on developing innovative solutions to complex problems, including economic development, cost management, tax, security, labor, and governance. Read More Industry Health And Life Sciences Our strategic advice helps clients realize their most ambitious organizational and operational visions. Read More Industry Industrial Products We support manufacturing companies in their efforts to realize sustainable, profitable growth. Discover how we can offer customized solutions for your firm. Read More Industry Private Equity And Principal Investors We serve private equity firms and their portfolio companies with a focus on delivering a differentiated return on investment across the investment cycle. Read More Industry Retail And Consumer Goods We understand what it takes to win in Retail and Consumer Goods: an obsession with serving the customer, constant dedication to better execution, and a relentless drive to improve capabilities. Read More Industry Transportation And Services We advise clients on the innovations and pressures that are changing the transportation industry — from digitization and new mobility, to changes in regulations and trade flows. Read More Share OUR EXPERTISE Industries Automotive Communications, Media, And Technology Education Energy And Natural Resources Financial Services Government And Public Institutions Health And Life Sciences Industrial Products Private Equity And Principal Investors Retail And Consumer Goods Transportation And Services capabilities Actuarial Consulting Climate And Sustainability Customer Innovation And Growth Digital Finance, Risk, And Restructuring Mergers And Acquisitions Oliver Wyman Engineers Operations Payments And Digital Economy People And Organizational Performance Performance Transformation Pricing, Sales, And Marketing Risk Management Strategy Turnaround And Restructuring OUR EXPERTISE Industries Automotive Communications, Media, And Technology Education Energy And Natural Resources Financial Services Government And Public Institutions Health And Life Sciences Industrial Products Private Equity And Principal Investors Retail And Consumer Goods Transportation And Services capabilities Actuarial Consulting Climate And Sustainability Customer Innovation And Growth Digital Finance, Risk, And Restructuring Mergers And Acquisitions Oliver Wyman Engineers Operations Payments And Digital Economy People And Organizational Performance Performance Transformation Pricing, Sales, And Marketing Risk Management Strategy Turnaround And Restructuring Footer XF Risk and insurance Reinsurance and capital People and investments Management consulting We're a global professional service firm bringing together capabilities across risk, reinsurance and capital, people and investments, and management consulting — building the confidence to thrive through the power of perspective. Terms Of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Statement On Accessibility Manage Cookies © 2026 Oliver Wyman, LLC. All Rights Reserved.