Software’s Next Chapter: Robert F. Smith on The Next Era of Enterprise Platforms - Vista Equity Partners Search Site… ✕ About About 25 years at the forefront of enterprise software investing. Firm About Vista Team Sustainability Portfolio Value Creation Companies Opportunities Careers Strategies Strategies Investing across the software lifecycle with tailored equity and credit solutions. Private Equity Credit White Paper Investing in Enterprise Software Learn from Robert F. Smith why enterprise software remains a compelling opportunity for value creation. White Paper Demystifying Generative AI Explore how Gen AI is redefining industries. News + Insights News + Insights Vista’s latest news and insights from the forefront of enterprise software and AI investing. News Insights by Vista Forefront Investing in AI Outlook Software’s Transition to Agentic Enterprise AI Learn more on how Vista is measuring AI impact across the Vista portfolio. Video Software’s Next Chapter: Robert F. Smith on The Next Era of Enterprise Platforms Watch Robert F. Smith outline how Vista sees the next chapter of enterprise software unfolding in the age of AI. Wealth Professionals Wealth Professionals A differentiated investment partner for advisors and their clients. Wealth Professionals Overview Evergreen Private Equity Evergreen Credit Resources Insights by Vista Forefront Investing in AI AI in Practice AI In Practice The State of Wealth Management AI Adoption Learn how wealth management firms are adopting, governing and scaling AI. Investor Login Back All Insights Video Software’s Next Chapter: Robert F. Smith on The Next Era of Enterprise Platforms Robert F. Smith February 10, 2026 Artificial Intelligence Enterprise Software Vista’s Founder, Chairman and CEO Robert F. Smith outlines how we see the next chapter of enterprise software unfolding in the age of AI. As software evolves from tools to agentic solutions that execute real work, Robert explains why not every company will successfully adapt. He discusses the scale of the market expansion ahead for those that do — and why Vista believes the most significant AI-driven opportunities are emerging in private markets. Important Disclosures Videos by Vista Equity Partners Management, LLC (together with its affiliates, “Vista Equity Partners”) contain the opinions of past and present Vista Equity Partners and portfolio company personnel. Vista Equity Partners makes no representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information in these videos. It should not be assumed that the portfolio companies discussed in these videos were profitable or that future portfolio companies or experiences will be comparable. Past performance is not necessarily indicative, or a guarantee, of future results. Under no circumstances should these videos be construed as an offer to sell, or a solicitation to buy, any security or as opinions regarding the provision of investment advisory services by Vista Equity Partners. The titles as represented are a reflection of individual roles and work at the time of filming and not necessarily indicative of current or future positions. Vista Consulting Group (“VCT”) personnel are not employees or partners of Vista Equity Partners and are compensated separately for their services by portfolio companies or the funds managed by Vista Equity Partners. Portfolio companies as represented are a reflection of Vista Equity Partners’ private equity portfolio at the time of filming and not necessarily representative of Vista Equity Partners’ current or future private equity portfolio. Branding of Vista Equity Partners’ private equity portfolio companies, including logos or other brand expressions, is a representation of such companies branding at the time of filming and is not necessarily indicative of current or future branding. For additional information, please visit https://www.vistaequitypartners.com/disclosures . Artificial Intelligence Enterprise Software News + Insights Feb 9, 2026 5 MIN CNBC: Ashley MacNeill on Software Valuations in the AI Era Article Jan 28, 2026 6 MIN Who Wins as Enterprises Scale AI? Artificial Intelligence Enterprise Software Chartbook Sep 17, 2025 6 MIN Agentic AI Is Here – What Investors Need to Know Artificial Intelligence Enterprise Software About About Vista Team Sustainability Value Creation Companies Careers Strategies Private Equity Credit News + Insights News Insights by Vista Forefront Investing in AI Wealth Professionals Overview Evergreen Private Equity Evergreen Credit Insights by Vista Forefront Investing in AI AI in Practice More Information Investor Login Contact Us By the Numbers FAQs AI Glossary Subscribe to Our LI Newsletter Stay informed with Vista’s latest news, insights and perspectives on enterprise software investing. Subscribe Join Our Mailing List Get exclusive updates, thought leadership and event invitations delivered directly to your inbox. Join Now Invest in Operational Intelligence. sm Copyright © 2026 by Vista Equity Partners Management, LLC Privacy Disclosures Sustainable Investment Policy Cookie Settings Join Our Mailing List ✕ Media Relations Inquiry ✕ Institutional Investors Inquiry ✕ Get in Touch with Our Private Wealth Solutions Team ✕ Get in Touch with Our VistaOne Team ✕