EY UK Student Recruitment Skip to content EY Recruitment Page Insights Services Industries Careers About us Start your career Schools Undergraduates Graduates EY in Northern Ireland How to apply Events FAQs Virtual Experience Join our Talent Community Search and apply Search for open opportunities below. If a location is closed, join our online talent community to receive career insights and exclusive content. Search for opportunities below and start your EY adventure Keyword(s): Clear all OR Filters: Open Filters Business Apprenticeship Career Starters Degree Apprenticeship Discover EY Graduate Industrial Placement Summer Internship Assurance Audit & Tax Career Starters (Belfast only) Consulting Core Business Services EY-Parthenon Law Tax Technology Women In Tech Actuarial - Life Actuarial - Non-Life Insurance Actuarial - Pensions AI - Tax Technology Transformation Analytics & AI - Deal Analytics Audit Audit & Tax Black Heritage in Business Business Consulting Business Consulting - Finance Business Leadership and Management - Consulting Service Delivery Business Modelling Capital & Debt Advisory Career Starters Clients and Industries Climate Change and Sustainability Assurance Services Cyber Security Digital & Technology - Consulting Service Delivery Digital & Technology - Data Analytics - Assurance Digital & Technology - Technology Consulting Digital Risk Economic Advisory eDiscovery Extended Assurance Finance Modelling Finance Operations Financial Accounting Advisory Services Financial Diligence Financial Restructuring Forensic Data Analytics - Data Analytics Law Operational Diligence Operational Research People Advisory Services – Integrated Workforce Mobility People Consulting Process and Controls Quantitative Advisory Services Remediation, AI & Data Risk Consulting Risk Consulting - Risk Innovation Social Mobility In Business Software Strategy Group Strategy (Financial Services) Strategy (UK & Ireland) Tax Tax Technology & Transformation Technology Technology Consulting Technology Risk Technology Risk - Data Assurance U.S. Funds Tax US/UK Cross Border Tax Valuation Women In Business Women In Business (Audit & Tax) Women in Tech April 2026 August 2026 July 2026 June 2026 September 2026 Clear all Filter results All roles Available roles Not open for application Join our talent community Search results: 133 1 2 3 … 9 Consulting Actuarial – Pensions Graduate Programme – September 2026 intake Applications for this role are closed. Explore this role and join our talent community Consulting Actuarial – Pensions Graduate Programme – September 2026 intake Close Applications for this role are closed. Unless stated, applications close as soon as the set number of roles have been filled. In some cases, we may need to reopen roles throughout the season so encourage you to check back for updates. In the meantime, join our talent community to receive career insights and exclusive content. Sign up to our talent community Key programme facts Programme length Two years. However, we’ll provide continued support and training to help graduates to qualify as actuaries, which typically takes 3-5 years in total Professional qualification The Institute and Faculty of Actuaries Salary Competitive Start date September 2026 Key programme facts Programme length Two years. However, we’ll provide continued support and training to help graduates to qualify as actuaries, which typically takes 3-5 years in total Professional qualification The Institute and Faculty of Actuaries Salary Competitive Start date September 2026 Help UK and EMEIA clients manage their pension account and investment risks whilst working towards becoming a qualified actuary. Programme overview A fast-changing world can create a lot of opportunity for businesses, but it also creates new risks. We offer our clients leading advice on pension risk, recognising that pensions make up a significant part of both the UK and global economy . Our teams work within a multi-disciplinary environment across a number of specialist areas, covering a range of industry sectors. The global nature of our business allows our people to develop and grow based on their own personal goals and objectives. Technology and innovation are key in delivering solutions to our clients. We use actuarial valuation and liability modelling, and artificial intelligence software to help clients understand their pension risk. What you will be doing Analysing data to identify trends and insights, communicating with clients, writing reports and presenting your work. Applying actuarial concepts and modelling techniques to derive views on financial assumptions. Building proposals for new business pitches. Completing actuarial audits of pension schemes. Supporting the investment governance and oversight team in selecting, monitoring and researching fiduciary managers. Carrying out due diligence on the pension aspects in a corporate transaction (merger and acquisitions). Collaborate with insurers to arrange risk transfers and play a pivotal role in securing pension benefits. Providing support on advising clients in relation to their pensions and related risks. Working with pension schemes to develop and implement their ESG-related investment goals. You’ll be working across a portfolio of clients assigned to you, with support from experienced and supportive team members. This will involve a mixture of hybrid working – travelling to client offices, working in the EY office and occasionally from home. It will vary by client/project and will depend on the requirements of both the client and project team. Click below to learn more Sign up to our talent community Consulting Actuarial Life Graduate Programme – September 2026 intake Applications for this role are closed. Explore this role and join our talent community Consulting Actuarial Life Graduate Programme – September 2026 intake Close Applications for this role are closed. Unless stated, applications close as soon as the set number of roles have been filled. In some cases, we may need to reopen roles throughout the season so encourage you to check back for updates. In the meantime, join our talent community to receive career insights and exclusive content. Sign up to our talent community Key programme facts Programme length Two years. However, we’ll provide continued support and training to help graduates to qualify as actuaries, which typically takes 3-5 years in total Professional qualification The Institute and Faculty of Actuaries Salary Competitive Start date September 2026 Key programme facts Programme length Two years. However, we’ll provide continued support and training to help graduates to qualify as actuaries, which typically takes 3-5 years in total Professional qualification The Institute and Faculty of Actuaries Salary Competitive Start date September 2026 Develop your actuarial knowledge and work towards becoming a qualified actuary, whilst supporting life insurance companies across EMEIA. Programme overview This is an opportunity to become part of our team which has a strong reputation in the market for bringing our clients bespoke offerings to solve their problems. We are more than just a conventional actuarial consultancy – we operate as part of the wider EY Consulting business, collaborating with teams across EY and delivering projects outside traditional actuarial areas. This breadth is important given the scale of the new challenges facing the insurance industry, from regulatory change to technology-driven disruption, and allows us to support life insurers across EMEIA (Europe, Middle East, India and Africa) to manage risks, solve their problems and grow. Our support covers traditional actuarial areas, such as advising on regulatory change, investments, mergers and acquisitions and audits, as well as less traditional actuarial areas across finance transformation, artificial intelligence, ESG, and capital optimisation. As well as our work with clients, you will rotate around our internal focus areas during the graduate programme. This gives you the opportunity to develop your knowledge on a variety of areas that are aligned with your interests. Your work will involve a mixture of hybrid working – travelling to client offices, working in the EY office and occasionally from home. It will vary by client/project and will depend on the requirements of both the client and project team. What you will be doing Providing technical support across a range of areas including actuarial modelling, regulatory change, investments, audits, mergers & acquisitions, ESG and technology. Analysing data to identify trends and insights. Developing and validating methodology , processes and code for actuarial systems. Producing reports and presenting your work both internally and to clients. Collaborating with other EY teams across the UK and EMEIA. Working in an inclusive team that gives you opportunities to learn and develop your skills. Working with clients and rotating around our internal focus areas, allowing you to develop your knowledge. Click below to learn more Sign up to our talent community Consulting Actuarial Life Insurance Summer Internship – July 2026 intake Applications for this role are closed. Explore this role and join our talent community Consulting Actuarial Life Insurance Summer Internship – July 2026 intake Close Applications for this role are closed. Unless stated, applications close as soon as the set number of roles have been filled. In some cases, we may need to reopen roles throughout the season so encourage you to check back for updates. In the meantime, join our talent community to receive career insights and exclusive content. Sign up to our talent community Key programme facts Programme length Four weeks. Please note: Due to UK policies, you must be based in the UK for the entire duration of the programme. Professional qualification Skills and training for the future Salary Competitive Start date July 2026 Key programme facts Programme length Four weeks. Please note: Due to UK policies, you must be based in the UK for the entire duration of the programme. Professional qualification Skills and training for the future Salary Competitive Start date July 2026 Help our team to support life insurance companies across EMEIA, whilst developing your actuarial knowledge and skills that will kick start your career. Programme overview This is an opportunity to become part of our team which has a strong reputation in the market for bringing our clients bespoke offerings to solve their problems. We are more than just a conventional actuarial consultancy – we operate as part of the wider EY Consulting business, collaborating with teams across EY and delivering projects outside traditional actuarial areas. This breadth is important given the scale of the new challenges facing the insurance industry, from regulatory change to technology-driven disruption, and allows us to support life insurers across EMEIA (Europe, Middle East, India and Africa) to manage risks, solve their problems and grow. Our support covers traditional actuarial areas, such as advising on regulatory change, investments, mergers and acquisitions and audits, as well as less traditional actuarial areas across finance transformation, artificial intelligence, ESG, and capital optimisation. What you will be doing Providing technical support across a range of areas including actuarial modelling, regulatory change, investments, audits, mergers & acquisitions, ESG and technology. Analysing data to identify trends and insights. Developing and validating methodology, processes and code for actuarial systems. Producing reports and presenting your work both internally and to clients. Collaborating with other EY teams across the UK and EMEIA. Working in an inclusive team that gives you opportunities to learn and develop your skills. Click below to learn more Sign up to our talent community Consulting Actuarial Non-Life Insurance Graduate Programme – September 2026 intake Applications for this role are closed. Explore this role and join our talent community Consulting Actuarial Non-Life Insurance Graduate Programme – September 2026 intake Close Applications for this role are closed. Unless stated, applications close as soon as the set number of roles have been filled. In some cases, we may need to reopen roles throughout the season so encourage you to check back for updates. In the meantime, join our talent community to receive career insights and exclusive content. Sign up to our talent community Key programme facts Programme length Two years. However, we’ll provide continued support and training to help graduates to qualify as actuaries, which typically takes 3-5 years in total Professional qualification The Institute and Faculty of Actuaries Salary Competitive Start date September 2026 Key programme facts Programme length Two years. However, we’ll provide continued support and training to help graduates to qualify as actuaries, which typically takes 3-5 years in total Professional qualification The Institute and Faculty of Actuaries Salary Competitive Start date September 2026 Work with global insurance companies to achieve goals in actuarial consultancy and develop into a commercially savvy consultant and actuary. Programme overview We are more than a conventional actuarial consultancy. Combined with delivering for our clients in the traditional areas, such as reserving, pricing and capital modelling, we operate as part of the wider EY Consulting business. This gives our team the opportunity to work on wider projects including underwriting and finance transformation, implementation of technology, ESG, strategy, risk management, analytics and capital optimisation. Technology is at the forefront of how we work. Our proprietary software enhances our ability to deliver market-leading insight, and we utilise this to assist our clients in modernising their actuarial capabilities. What you will be doing Analysing data to identify trends and insights, communicating with clients, writing reports and presenting your work Working with UK and global insurance and (re)insurance companies on reserve reviews, transactions, portfolio transfers, actuarial modelling and more Using the latest technology, modelling and analysis to understand clients’ businesses Working with clients to transform their business, using the latest technology to allow clients to better leverage their actuarial teams for insightful analysis You’ll be working across a portfolio of clients assigned to you. This will involve a mixture of hybrid working – travelling to client offices, working in the EY office and occasionally from home. It will vary by client/project and will depend on the requirements of both the client and project team Click below to learn more Sign up to our talent community Consulting Actuarial Non-Life Insurance Summer Internship – July 2026 intake Applications for this role are closed. Explore this role and join our talent community Consulting Actuarial Non-Life Insurance Summer Internship – July 2026 intake Close Applications for this role are closed. Unless stated, applications close as soon as the set number of roles have been filled. In some cases, we may need to reopen roles throughout the season so encourage you to check back for updates. In the meantime, join our talent community to receive career insights and exclusive content. Sign up to our talent community Key programme facts Programme length Four weeks. Please note: Due to UK policies, you must be based in the UK for the entire duration of the programme. Professional qualification Skills and training for the future Salary Competitive Start date July 2026 Key programme facts Programme length Four weeks. Please note: Due to UK policies, you must be based in the UK for the entire duration of the programme. Professional qualification Skills and training for the future Salary Competitive Start date July 2026 Work with insurance companies across the world to meet their strategic goals whilst developing skills to kick-start your career. Programme overview We are more than a conventional actuarial consultancy. Combined with delivering for our clients in the traditional areas, such as reserving, pricing and capital modelling, we operate as part of the wider EY Consulting business. This gives our team the opportunity to work on wider projects including underwriting and finance transformation, implementation of technology, ESG, strategy, risk management, analytics and capital optimisation. Technology is at the forefront of how we work. Our proprietary software enhances our ability to deliver market-leading insight, and we utilise this to assist our clients in modernising their actuarial capabilities. What you will be doing Analysing data to identify trends and insights, communicating with clients, writing reports and presenting your work. Working with UK and global insurance and (re)insurance companies on reserve reviews, transactions, portfolio transfers, actuarial modelling and more. Using the latest technology, modelling and analysis to understand clients’ businesses. Working with clients to transform their business, using the latest technology to allow clients to better leverage their actuarial teams for insightful analysis. Click below to learn more Sign up to our talent community Consulting Actuarial Pensions Summer Internship – July 2026 intake Applications for this role are closed. Explore this role and join our talent community Consulting Actuarial Pensions Summer Internship – July 2026 intake Close Applications for this role are closed. Unless stated, applications close as soon as the set number of roles have been filled. In some cases, we may need to reopen roles throughout the season so encourage you to check back for updates. In the meantime, join our talent community to receive career insights and exclusive content. Sign up to our talent community Key programme facts Programme length Four weeks. Please note: Due to UK policies, you must be based in the UK for the entire duration of the programme. Professional qualification Skills and training for the future Salary Competitive Start date July 2026 Key programme facts Programme length Four weeks. Please note: Due to UK policies, you must be based in the UK for the entire duration of the programme. Professional qualification Skills and training for the future Salary Competitive Start date July 2026 Help UK and EMEIA clients manage their pension account and investment risks. Programme overview A fast-changing world can create a lot of opportunity for businesses, but it also creates new risks. We offer our clients leading advice on pension risk, recognising that pensions make up a significant part of both the UK and global economy. Our teams work within a multi-disciplinary environment across a number of specialist areas, covering a range of industry sectors. The global nature of our business allows our people to develop and grow based on their own personal goals and objectives. Technology and innovation are key in delivering solutions to our clients. We use actuarial valuation, liability modelling, and artificial intelligence software to help clients understand their pension risk. What you will be doing Analysing data to identify trends and insights, communicating with clients, writing reports and presenting your work. Applying actuarial concepts and modelling techniques which derive views on financial assumptions. Supporting the investment governance and oversight team in selecting, monitoring and researching investment managers. Carrying out due diligence on the pension aspects in a corporate transaction (merger and acquisitions). Working with pension schemes to develop and implement their ESG-related investment goals. Providing support on advising clients in relation to their pensions and related risks. Click below to learn more Sign up to our talent community Tax AI Tax Technology Transformation Summer In