Vacancies Skip to main content Quick search People & Culture Overview About our firm Being inclusive People profiles Learning and development Reward and recognition Awards IT’s Her Future Black heritage initiatives Apprentice Overview Audit Consulting Corporate Services Technology & Engineering Tax & Law Work Experience Applying to KPMG Parents, carers and teachers Undergraduate Overview Abilities Talent Insight Black Heritage Talent Insight Social Mobility Talent Insight Vacation programmes One Year Business Placement Applying to KPMG Graduate Overview Audit Consulting Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Experienced professional Overview Audit Consulting Corporate Services Deal Advisory Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Contractors Quick search Menu Close I'm looking for current vacancies Home > Search > Vacancies Search results for "" Vacation Vacation Audit - ACA London July 2027 Location: London Business Area: View role Vacation Vacation Audit - ACA Nottingham July 2027 Location: Nottingham Business Area: View role Vacation Vacation Audit - ACA Leeds July 2027 Location: Leeds Business Area: View role Vacation Vacation Tax - ACA Manchester July 2027 Location: Manchester Business Area: View role Vacation Vacation Audit - ACA Manchester July 2027 Location: Manchester Business Area: View role Vacation Vacation Audit - ACA Glasgow July 2027 Location: Glasgow Business Area: View role Vacation Audit - ACA London July 2027 Location: London Capability: Audit Experience level: Vacation Employment type: Full Time Apply for role View full job description The largest of our UK practices, Audit provides insight, challenge and expertise to some of the world’s biggest companies. We make a meaningful difference to those businesses and the wider community, by examining organisations and ensuring that their published accounts provide a true and fair reflection of their financial position. Join us on this programme and you’ll have the opportunity to see the auditing process from a r... View full job description Programme Overview Capability: Audit Programme Length: 4 weeks Qualifications: N/A Entry Requirements: At KPMG, everyone brings a unique perspective, and we want to ensure that you have the best opportunity to demonstrate your potential. We want to discover your individual strengths and attributes to help us to know whether you’ll enjoy working here and how you’ll thrive. That’s why we operate an open access policy and an application process that will assess both your qualifications and your qualities. Generally, you’ll be expected to demonstrate the following grades (*or equivalents), to show that you’re able to successfully study for professional qualifications. If you are a few grades or points short, we would still encourage you to apply, as your application will be reviewed together with your performance in our assessments. You‘ll also have the opportunity to provide additional information for us to assess your application and potential in the context of your socio-economic background and/or any extenuating circumstances, which may have a positive uplift on your academic achievements through contextual recruitment. You can find out more here . Grade 5 or B GCSE* Maths Grade 5 or B GCSE* English Language 120 UCAS points* from your ‘top’ 3 grades, excluding General Studies under the 2017 tariff point system at A Level (300 UCAS points pre-2017) On track to achieve a 2:1 undergraduate degree in any discipline. Our Vacation Programmes are open to students in their penultimate year of university or who are due to graduate in 2028. Key Skills: Throughout the recruitment process we will be looking to learn more about your strengths. To be successful on this programme, you will be required to demonstrate the strengths that we look for at KPMG. Learn more about what we look for and how to apply here . Vacation Audit - ACA Nottingham July 2027 Location: Nottingham Capability: Audit Experience level: Vacation Employment type: Full Time Apply for role View full job description The largest of our UK practices, Audit provides insight, challenge and expertise to some of the world’s biggest companies. We make a meaningful difference to those businesses and the wider community, by examining organisations and ensuring that their published accounts provide a true and fair reflection of their financial position. Join us on this programme and you’ll have the opportunity to see the auditing process from a r... View full job description Programme Overview Capability: Audit Programme Length: 4 weeks Qualifications: N/A Entry Requirements: At KPMG, everyone brings a unique perspective, and we want to ensure that you have the best opportunity to demonstrate your potential. We want to discover your individual strengths and attributes to help us to know whether you’ll enjoy working here and how you’ll thrive. That’s why we operate an open access policy and an application process that will assess both your qualifications and your qualities. Generally, you’ll be expected to demonstrate the following grades (*or equivalents), to show that you’re able to successfully study for professional qualifications. If you are a few grades or points short, we would still encourage you to apply, as your application will be reviewed together with your performance in our assessments. You‘ll also have the opportunity to provide additional information for us to assess your application and potential in the context of your socio-economic background and/or any extenuating circumstances, which may have a positive uplift on your academic achievements through contextual recruitment. You can find out more here . Grade 5 or B GCSE* Maths Grade 5 or B GCSE* English Language 120 UCAS points* from your ‘top’ 3 grades, excluding General Studies under the 2017 tariff point system at A Level (300 UCAS points pre-2017) On track to achieve a 2:1 undergraduate degree in any discipline. Our Vacation Programmes are open to students in their penultimate year of university or who are due to graduate in 2028. Key Skills: Throughout the recruitment process we will be looking to learn more about your strengths. To be successful on this programme, you will be required to demonstrate the strengths that we look for at KPMG. Learn more about what we look for and how to apply here . Vacation Audit - ACA Leeds July 2027 Location: Leeds Capability: Audit Experience level: Vacation Employment type: Full Time Apply for role View full job description The largest of our UK practices, Audit provides insight, challenge and expertise to some of the world’s biggest companies. We make a meaningful difference to those businesses and the wider community, by examining organisations and ensuring that their published accounts provide a true and fair reflection of their financial position. Join us on this programme and you’ll have the opportunity to see the auditing process from a r... View full job description Programme Overview Capability: Audit Programme Length: 4 weeks Qualifications: N/A Entry Requirements: At KPMG, everyone brings a unique perspective, and we want to ensure that you have the best opportunity to demonstrate your potential. We want to discover your individual strengths and attributes to help us to know whether you’ll enjoy working here and how you’ll thrive. That’s why we operate an open access policy and an application process that will assess both your qualifications and your qualities. Generally, you’ll be expected to demonstrate the following grades (*or equivalents), to show that you’re able to successfully study for professional qualifications. If you are a few grades or points short, we would still encourage you to apply, as your application will be reviewed together with your performance in our assessments. You‘ll also have the opportunity to provide additional information for us to assess your application and potential in the context of your socio-economic background and/or any extenuating circumstances, which may have a positive uplift on your academic achievements through contextual recruitment. You can find out more here . Grade 5 or B GCSE* Maths Grade 5 or B GCSE* English Language 120 UCAS points* from your ‘top’ 3 grades, excluding General Studies under the 2017 tariff point system at A Level (300 UCAS points pre-2017) On track to achieve a 2:1 undergraduate degree in any discipline. Our Vacation Programmes are open to students in their penultimate year of university or who are due to graduate in 2028. Key Skills: Throughout the recruitment process we will be looking to learn more about your strengths. To be successful on this programme, you will be required to demonstrate the strengths that we look for at KPMG. Learn more about what we look for and how to apply here . Vacation Tax - ACA Manchester July 2027 Location: Manchester Capability: Tax & Law Experience level: Vacation Employment type: Full Time Apply for role View full job description Join our Tax Vacation programme and learn about working collaboratively with organisations of all shapes and sizes, helping them to navigate complex tax policy landscapes, and stay compliant with regulation by paying the right tax at the right time. Our four-week Tax Vacation programme gives you the chance to gain practical experience as part of our supportive and diverse KPMG community. You’ll find out more about our differe... View full job description Programme Overview Capability: Tax & Law Programme Length: 4 weeks Qualifications: N/A Entry Requirements: At KPMG, everyone brings a unique perspective, and we want to ensure that you have the best opportunity to demonstrate your potential. We want to discover your individual strengths and attributes to help us to know whether you’ll enjoy working here and how you’ll thrive. That’s why we operate an open access policy and an application process that will assess both your qualifications and your qualities. Generally, you’ll be expected to demonstrate the following grades (*or equivalents), to show that you’re able to successfully study for professional qualifications. If you are a few grades or points short, we would still encourage you to apply, as your application will be reviewed together with your performance in our assessments. You‘ll also have the opportunity to provide additional information for us to assess your application and potential in the context of your socio-economic background and/or any extenuating circumstances, which may have a positive uplift on your academic achievements through contextual recruitment. You can find out more here . Grade 5 or B GCSE* Maths Grade 5 or B GCSE* English Language 120 UCAS points* from your ‘top’ 3 grades, excluding General Studies under the 2017 tariff point system at A Level (300 UCAS points pre-2017) On track to achieve a 2:1 undergraduate Our Vacation programmes are open to students in their penultimate year of university or who are due to graduate in 2028. Key Skills: Throughout the recruitment process we will be looking to learn more about your strengths. To be successful on this programme, you will be required to demonstrate the strengths that we look for at KPMG. Learn more about what we look for and how to apply here . Vacation Audit - ACA Manchester July 2027 Location: Manchester Capability: Audit Experience level: Vacation Employment type: Full Time Apply for role View full job description The largest of our UK practices, Audit provides insight, challenge and expertise to some of the world’s biggest companies. We make a meaningful difference to those businesses and the wider community, by examining organisations and ensuring that their published accounts provide a true and fair reflection of their financial position. Join us on this programme and you’ll have the opportunity to see the auditing process from a r... View full job description Programme Overview Capability: Audit Programme Length: 4 weeks Qualifications: N/A Entry Requirements: At KPMG, everyone brings a unique perspective, and we want to ensure that you have the best opportunity to demonstrate your potential. We want to discover your individual strengths and attributes to help us to know whether you’ll enjoy working here and how you’ll thrive. That’s why we operate an open access policy and an application process that will assess both your qualifications and your qualities. Generally, you’ll be expected to demonstrate the following grades (*or equivalents), to show that you’re able to successfully study for professional qualifications. If you are a few grades or points short, we would still encourage you to apply, as your application will be reviewed together with your performance in our assessments. You‘ll also have the opportunity to provide additional information for us to assess your application and potential in the context of your socio-economic background and/or any extenuating circumstances, which may have a positive uplift on your academic achievements through contextual recruitment. You can find out more here . Grade 5 or B GCSE* Maths Grade 5 or B GCSE* English Language 120 UCAS points* from your ‘top’ 3 grades, excluding General Studies under the 2017 tariff point system at A Level (300 UCAS points pre-2017) On track to achieve a 2:1 undergraduate degree in any discipline. Our Vacation Programmes are open to students in their penultimate year of university or who are due to graduate in 2028. Key Skills: Throughout the recruitment process we will be looking to learn more about your strengths. To be successful on this programme, you will be required to demonstrate the strengths that we look for at KPMG. Learn more about what we look for and how to apply here . Vacation Audit - ACA Glasgow July 2027 Location: Glasgow Capability: Audit Experience level: Vacation Employment type: Full Time Apply for role View full job description The largest of our UK practices, Audit provides insight, challenge and expertise to some of the world’s biggest companies. We make a meaningful difference to those businesses and the wider community, by examining organisations and ensuring that their published accounts provide a true and fair reflection of their financial position. Join us on this programme and you’ll have the opportunity to see the auditing process from a r... View full job description Programme Overview Capability: Audit Programme Length: 4 weeks Qualifications: N/A Entry Requirements: At KPMG, everyone brings a unique perspective, and we want to ensure that you have the best opportunity to demonstrate your potential. We want to discover your individual strengths and attributes to help us to know whether you’ll enjoy working here and how you’ll thrive. That’s why we operate an open access policy and an application process that will assess both your qualifications and your qualities. Generally, you’ll be expected to demonstrate the following grades (*or equivalents), to show that you’re able to successfully study for professional qualifications. If you are a few grades or points short, we would still encourage you to apply, as your application will be reviewed together with your performance in our assessments. You‘ll also have the opportunity to provide additional information for us to assess your application and potential in the context of your socio-economic background and/or any extenuating circumstances, which may have a positive uplift on your academic achievements through contextual recruitment. You can find out more here . Grade 5 or B GCSE* Maths Grade 5 or B GCSE* English Language 120 UCAS points* from your ‘top’ 3 grades, excluding General Studies under the 2017 tariff point system at A Level (300 UCAS points pre-2017) On track to achieve a 2:1 undergraduate degree in any discipline. Our Vacation Programmes are open to students in their penultimate year of university or who are due to graduate in 2028. Key Skills: Throughout the recruitment process we will be looking to learn more about your strengths. To be successful on this programme, you will be required to demonstrate the strengths that we look for at KPMG. Learn more about what we look for and how to apply here . 1 2 Next Connect with us: https://www.facebook.com/KPMGRecruitment/ https://www.instagram.com/kpmgukcareers/ https://www.linkedin.com/company/kpmg-uk/ https://www.youtube.com/@KPMGUKCareers Apprentice Audit Consulting Corporate Services Technology & Engineering Tax & Law Work Experience Applying to KPMG Parents, carers and teachers Undergraduate Abilities Talent Insight Black Heritage Talent Insight Social Mobility Talent Insight Vacation programmes One Year Business Placement Applying to KPMG Graduate Audit Consulting Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Experienced professional Audit Consulting Corporate Services Deal Advisory Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Quick Links FAQ Search and apply Contact us People profiles Legal Privacy Accessibility Cookies Modern Slavery Act Visit kpmg.co.uk Cookie Settings © 2026 KPMG LLP, a UK limited liability partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organisation of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved. For more detail about the structure of the KPMG global organisation please visit home.kpmg/governance. Back to top ;