Summer internship: Procurement & supply chain consulting Summer internship: Procurement & supply chain consulting. IN London. Inverto is one of the leading procurement and supply chain management consultancies in the world. Backed by the power of BCG, we’ve grown from a successful European procurement consultancy to a global company with a distinct offering in the market. We deliver lasting impact for our clients – and so can you. As we continue to grow, so will your opportunities. You’ll be in great company, working with diverse, high-performing teams in a business that supports you to thrive. There’s never been a better time to join us as we shape the future together. Ready to make your mark? HOW YOU'LL IMPACT. Project work that challenges you. You’ll support our project teams in the analysis of processes and procurement organisations. You’ll be actively involved in the development of suitable strategies and measures to optimise the supply chain and strategic procurement processes. Insights that broaden your horizons. With us you will be able to look beyond the horizon: from start-ups to retail, from the energy and automotive industries, to pharmaceuticals and healthcare. With us you will get to know plenty of different industries and customers. Experiences that take you further. You will work closely in a team with our consultants, and be anything but a spectator: you’ll have a high degree of responsibility, so that you can develop on a professional as well as a personal level. WHAT YOU'LL BRING. Please note, this is a 2-month summer internship in 2027 (start date of 1st June or 1st July), based in the Inverto London office. You are in your penultimate year of studies. Practical experience ideally in procurement, supply chain management, operations or consulting during your studies. Strong problem-solving skills , curiosity for new tasks and motivation in achieving meaningful results. You’re flexible to travel and enjoy working with international teams across different locations and cultures. Business fluency in English . WHAT WE'LL OFFER. Tailored training programs and personalized coaching to help you grow and thrive Access to mental coaching and Mental Health First Aid (MHFA) resources A rewarding Employee Referral Program to grow our team with your help Seasonal parties, team events, and get-togethers to foster collaboration and celebrate success APPLY NOW! Back Apply Inverto, a BCG company is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to ethnic origin, gender, religion or belief, disability, age, sexual orientation, or any other characteristics protected by applicable laws. Individuals with criminal records will be considered fairly in accordance with applicable laws. powered by d.vinci