Energy And Natural Resources | Oliver Wyman Skip to main content We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand Learn More search Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search Highlights Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search search Highlights menu close Energy And Natural Resources // . // Industries // Energy And Natural Resources What We Do What We Think Breakthroughs Solutions Who We Are What We Do Our team recognizes that given the unprecedented shifts taking place in the energy world, many traditional energy business models are becoming obsolete. The move toward decarbonization and the energy transition, coupled with technological innovation — such as electrification and the Internet of Things — have introduced opportunities to enhance efficiency, improve the customer experience, and collaborate with other industries. And with these opportunities come a new array of risks to navigate. We work with energy companies to address strategic and operational challenges through proven, results-oriented approaches. Our expertise is based on deep industry experience across the oil and gas, utilities, chemicals, and mining sectors. Clients turn to us to help them seize new trends, challenges, and opportunities in energy, while managing their existing business and assets efficiently and effectively. Our expertise Oil And Gas Utilities Chemicals Metals And Mining Trading and risk What We Think Load More We are sorry, we could not find any results. Please refine your search and try again. Who We Are Filter Regions Americas Asia-Pacific Southeast Asia Europe IMEA Filter Regions Americas Asia-Pacific Southeast Asia Europe IMEA Clear All Load More We are sorry, we could not find any results. Please refine your search and try again. Footer XF Risk and insurance Reinsurance and capital People and investments Management consulting We're a global professional service firm bringing together capabilities across risk, reinsurance and capital, people and investments, and management consulting — building the confidence to thrive through the power of perspective. Terms Of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Statement On Accessibility Manage Cookies © 2026 Oliver Wyman, LLC. All Rights Reserved.