Applying to KPMG Skip to main content Quick search People & Culture Overview About our firm Being inclusive People profiles Learning and development Reward and recognition Awards IT’s Her Future Black heritage initiatives Apprentice Overview Audit Consulting Corporate Services Technology & Engineering Tax & Law Work Experience Applying to KPMG Parents, carers and teachers Undergraduate Overview Abilities Talent Insight Black Heritage Talent Insight Social Mobility Talent Insight Vacation programmes One Year Business Placement Applying to KPMG Graduate Overview Audit Consulting Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Experienced professional Overview Audit Consulting Corporate Services Deal Advisory Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Contractors Quick search Menu Close Get ahead of the curve Discover more about our recruitment process and the benefits we offer Our application process Explore our undergraduate programmes Home > Undergraduate > Applying to KPMG Applying to KPMG We know how busy you are and how daunting job applications can sometimes seem, so we’ve done our best to make the KPMG application process as straightforward as possible, to enable you to show us your potential. Our application process is designed not only for us to understand more about you, but also to give you an insight into what life is like at KPMG and whether we are the clear choice for you. To ensure that you’re prepared, we recommend that you explore the information provided in this page – which includes a series of videos our Student Recruitment team have created with useful hints and tips to guide you each step of the recruitment journey. Whilst we recommend that you take in this information before submitting your application, it’s also here for you to check back on as you progress through the process. If you are unable to find the information you are looking for, or have any other questions, please refer to our FAQs or Contact us . Please note that if your preferred office location or programme isn’t available right now, you can join our Talent Community and be one of the first to hear about any new opportunities. As a member of our Talent Community, you'll be the first to receive updates on any roles that become available in the business areas and locations of your choice. Our tips and advice Tips and advice from our Recruitment team, to help you perform at your best. Read our tips and advice Practice assessment Have a practice before you take our assessment, to help you perform at your best. Try a practice test Our application process Our application process involves four stages, from application to our Launch Pad experience, through to securing an offer with KPMG. As you progress through each stage of the application process, our Recruitment Team will be in touch to explain your next steps. 1 Explore and apply Learn more about KPMG and explore the role you’re applying for. Then tell us about your academic background. 45 mins to complete 2 Online assessments Complete two online assessments measuring your ability to apply the skills and reasoning required to be successful in your role. 60 mins to complete 3 Video interviews Record answers to six interview questions. Draw on your skills, experience and career motivations to demonstrate your strengths. 40 minutes to complete 4 Launch Pad Meet us in-person for a day of immersive activities and assessments. Learn more about life at KPMG from colleagues and showcase your skills in your final interview. 1/2 day to complete 2. Online assessments 1. Explore and apply The first stage of our recruitment process is an opportunity to learn more about life at KPMG and the area of the business you’re applying to. We’ve designed a job preview quiz using everyday scenarios that you could face in your chosen role - this step is not assessed but it should help you decide whether the role you’ve chosen is the right one for you or whether you want to explore an alternative programme. Search and apply 3. Video interview 2. Online assessments After submitting your application, you will be automatically invited to complete two online assessments. The skills assessment is designed to evaluate the core skills that are critical for success in a role at KPMG. You will be presented with various scenarios and asked to rank how you would think, feel or respond in each situation, thinking about yourself at work and picking the answer that is most like you. Practice our assessments 4. Launch Pad 3. Video interview If you are successful at Stage 2, you may be invited to our Video interview. This stage gives you the opportunity to showcase your skills and strengths, so we can understand if they’re aligned with those required for success at KPMG, as well as your motivation to join your chosen programme. 1. Explore and apply 4. Launch Pad If you are successful at Stage 3, you will be invited to attend the final stage of the recruitment process: Launch Pad, an in-person, half day event. Our in-person Launch Pad assessment day combines assessed and non-assessed activities. We will be looking for you to demonstrate the skills needed to succeed in your role throughout the day, but you’ll also have plenty of opportunity to learn more about life at KPMG and your chosen programme. You’ll also meet lots of our people including those within the business area and location you have applied to, from partners to trainees. Read about: Is KPMG right for me? During the recruitment process, we want to understand if your skills are aligned with those required for success at KPMG. By looking at your skills, this will help you and us to know whether you would enjoy working here and have the potential to thrive. Career Motivation This is about having thought about why you want to work for KPMG and your chosen programme and location, as well as your future aspirations. Learning & Curiosity This is about absorbing new information and techniques quickly, gathering the information you need being open to new ideas and taking a big picture view. Resilience This is about accepting and adapting to change, working within ambiguity or uncertainty, keeping calm under pressure and staying positive when facing difficulties or criticism. Relationship Building This is about making new connections easily, giving a good first impression, adjusting behaviour to interact more effectively with others and putting effort into developing good relationships and helping others. Effective Communication This is about being able to communicate effectively through both verbal and written information- not just understanding but being able to engage and communicate with clarity and impact. Initiative This is about enjoying the challenge of being set demanding goals to meet, seeking additional work and responsibilities proactively, keeping focused on self-development and working well independently. Planning & Organisation This is about setting yourself clear objectives, managing your own time and work, recording project progress and information carefully and completing work in a logical, planful way. Results Focused This is about getting work done to a high standard, working systematically across multiple tasks at once, staying focused and consistently showing care and diligence. Critical Thinking This is about critically evaluating information and using it to make rational judgements and decisions. Inclusive Collaboration This is about fostering team cohesion, appreciating others' efforts and actively seeking their input. Integrity This is about always upholding ethical standards and being trusted to do the right thing. Applying Expertise & Technology This is about being proficient in applying relevant knowledge to the job and effectively applying relevant technology to complete their job well. Read the full details When preparing for our assessments you should consider your own strengths and motivations, and how these compare with what we look for at KPMG. Read more about strengths More information on applying to KPMG Need support? Let us know We are here to support you should you require any help, advice or adjustments View more Is KPMG right for me? During the recruitment process you will be assessed against the strengths that are key to success at KPMG. Find out more here. View more International students If applying to the KPMG Graduate programmes in the UK, there are specific right to work and eligibility requirements you'll need to provide. Find out more here. View more ; Connect with us: https://www.facebook.com/KPMGRecruitment/ https://www.instagram.com/kpmgukcareers/ https://www.linkedin.com/company/kpmg-uk/ https://www.youtube.com/@KPMGUKCareers Apprentice Audit Consulting Corporate Services Technology & Engineering Tax & Law Work Experience Applying to KPMG Parents, carers and teachers Undergraduate Abilities Talent Insight Black Heritage Talent Insight Social Mobility Talent Insight Vacation programmes One Year Business Placement Applying to KPMG Graduate Audit Consulting Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Experienced professional Audit Consulting Corporate Services Deal Advisory Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Quick Links FAQ Search and apply Contact us People profiles Legal Privacy Accessibility Cookies Modern Slavery Act Visit kpmg.co.uk Cookie Settings © 2026 KPMG LLP, a UK limited liability partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organisation of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved. For more detail about the structure of the KPMG global organisation please visit home.kpmg/governance. Back to top ;