Relationship Management - International Wealth and Premier Banking - Internship Job Details | HSBC Global Services Limited We use cookies to offer you the best possible website experience. Your cookie preferences will be stored in your browser’s local storage. This includes cookies necessary for the website's operation. Additionally, you can freely decide and change any time whether you accept cookies or choose to opt out of cookies to improve the website's performance, as well as cookies used to display content tailored to your interests. Your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer may be impacted if you do not accept all cookies. Modify Cookie Preferences Reject All Cookies Accept All Cookies Skip to main content Language English (United Kingdom) Español (México) Français (France) 简体中文 (中国大陆) Login/Profile | Employee Login Language English (United Kingdom) Español (México) Français (France) 简体中文 (中国大陆) Login/Profile | Employee Login Home Careers at HSBC Early Careers Careers Contacts Explore Careers Login/Profile | Employee Login Apply now » Relationship Management - International Wealth and Premier Banking - Internship Location: Singapore, SG, 018983 Programme Type: Internship Programme Start Date and Duration: Mon May 31, 2027; 10 Weeks Opening Date: Thu Sep 03, 2026 Closing Date: Sat Oct 31, 2026 Area of Interest: Relationship Management Business Area: International Wealth and Premier Banking Short Description: Help clients grow, manage wealth and achieve ambitions through trusted relationships. About the business area Our International Wealth and Premier Banking business helps customers take care of their day-to-day finances and to manage, protect and grow their wealth. Our international network and breadth of expertise enable us to support individuals, families, business owners, investors and entrepreneurs around the world. Who you are We’re looking for people who love building meaningful connections. You don’t need to know everything about finance – we’re here to teach you. But if you’re a natural listener, a people person, and someone who goes the extra mile to help others, you’ll fit right in. A strong communicator: You explain things clearly, listen actively, and know how to connect with different people. A natural collaborator: You work well with others and enjoy solving problems together. A relationship builder: You’re great at getting to know people and building trust. A self-starter: You spot challenges before they become problems and take ownership to fix them. Emotionally intelligent: You think about how your words and actions affect others. Positive under pressure: You stay calm when it counts and bring energy and optimism to the table. What you’ll do Our internship gives you the grounding you need for a thriving career as a Relationship Manager when you graduate. You’ll gain a comprehensive insight into International Wealth and Premier Banking Business as you work with teams across areas such as the Chief Operating Office, Digital Transformation, Distribution/Frontline, Product Development, and Strategy. You’ll begin to develop the skills and knowledge needed for a future career in relationship management working alongside professional from different parts of the business to better understand client needs and deliver solutions. Here’s a taste of what you’ll get involved in: Work with our teams to understand how they support our customers with everything from everyday banking to long-term financial planning. Gain an understanding of our product suite – from current accounts, credit cards, personal loans and mortgages, as well as savings, investments, insurance and wealth management. Gain exposure to our digital tools and understand how we track conversations, manage relationships, and uncover new opportunities. Understand how different laws and regulations affect our international clients – and how we get it right every time. What you’ll learn We’ll kick things off with a week of structured training to get you up to speed. From there, you’ll have a mix of hands-on learning, mentoring, and skills coaching to help you thrive. You’ll build skills in: Technical know-how: Learn how different products work and how to use them to help clients. Relationship building: A skill that’ll set you up for success. Sales and negotiation: Understand how to match clients with products and present ideas with confidence. By the end of your internship, you’ll know exactly what a career in Relationship Management in this area of the bank looks like – and where you could take it. Eligibility Criteria To be eligible, you must: Be available to work full time for 10 weeks commencing May 2027 Have obtained, or expect to achieve, a minimum GPA of 4.0/5.0 or 3.2/4.0 (or overseas equivalent, as shown on your official university transcript/degree certificate) Expected to graduate between November 2027 and July 2028 We only accept one application per recruitment cycle so please take time to explore our opportunities before applying as we may not be able to transfer your application to other vacancies. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis and we may close this vacancy earlier than the advertised closing date if we receive a high volume of applications. Please apply as soon as possible to be considered. Apply now » Find similar jobs: Accessibility Cookie Consent Manager Privacy Statement Online Security Terms and Conditions Opens in a new tab. Opens in a new tab. Opens in a new tab. Opens in a new tab. × Cookie Consent Manager When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Required Cookies These cookies are required to use this website and can't be turned off. Required Cookies Show More Details Required Cookies Provider Description Enabled SAP as service provider We use the following session cookies, which are all required to enable the website to function: "route" is used for session stickiness "careerSiteCompanyId" is used to send the request to the correct data centre "JSESSIONID" is placed on the visitor's device during the session so the server can identify the visitor "Load balancer cookie" (actual cookie name may vary) prevents a visitor from bouncing from one instance to another Cookies from provider SAPasserviceprovider are required and cannot be turned off Confirm My Choices Reject All Cookies Accept All Cookies