Reports - Oxera Skip to content Skip to main content Toggle Toggle Search Submit X People Insights Expand Children Agenda Reports Courses Events Expertise Expand Children Analytics and Data Science Antitrust Antitrust Damages Artificial Intelligence (AI) Behavioural Economics Collective and Class Actions Commercial Litigation and International Arbitration Finance and Valuation Governance Infrastructure Intellectual Property Market Investigations Mergers Performance, Productivity and Efficiency Public Policy and Impact Assessment Regulation State Aid and Subsidy Control Strategy Sustainability and Climate Change Transaction Advice Sectors Expand Children Digital Energy Financial Services Pharmaceuticals and Life Sciences Retail and Consumer Postal and Logistics Telecoms, Media and Technology Transport Water Careers Expand Children Current vacancies Early Careers Locations Expand Children Belgium France Germany Italy Netherlands Spain United Kingdom About us Expand Children Celebrating 40 years Climate Commitment Diversity and Inclusion Media Centre Oxera Economics Council Home / Insights Reports In this section Agenda Reports Courses Events Filter by: Keyword Sector Expertise Year Clear 21 August 2026 Estimating the cost of capital: recommendations for UKRN regulatory guidance Estimating the allowed return on regulatory capital is related to, but distinct from the cost of capital, as it reflects policy decisions overlaid on a technical assessment of the weighted average cost of capital (WACC). Our report is commissioned by Anglian Water Services Ltd, Heathrow Airport Holdings Ltd,… Read More 20 April 2026 Bridging the water investment gap: a framework for delivering the UN Sustainable Development Goal 6 The United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goal 6 (SDG 6) commits the world to universal access to safely managed water and sanitation—fundamental to thriving, secure societies. A decade on, progress has been insufficient: 2.2 billion people lack safely managed drinking water, 3.4 billion lack safely managed sanitation, and only 56%… Read More 26 February 2026 Ready for take-off: the economic case for reducing aviation costs in Canada In the context of current discussions around affordability for Canadian citizens and stimulating the Canadian economy, the National Airlines Council of Canada (NACC) asked Oxera to assess the impact on the Canadian economy of taxes, fees, charges and regulations applied to the aviation sector. The study models reductions to… Read More 20 February 2026 Short-term rentals and public policy intervention in the EU Short-term rental (STR) accommodation has expanded rapidly across the EU in recent years. In the debate about the impact of short-term rentals (STRs), some local authorities in the EU have introduced restrictions to address housing affordability and urban environment concerns, often with limited evidence-based analysis. However, the causal relationship between… Read More 14 November 2025 Driving demand for low-carbon commodities: a market-based approach Steel and cement are essential to the global economy, generating nearly USD 3 trillion annually, yet they account for around 16% of global CO₂ emissions. Decarbonising these sectors is therefore critical to any credible net-zero pathway. Emerging technologies, such as hydrogen-based steelmaking, clinker substitution, and carbon capture, exist,… Read More 27 October 2025 Roundtable discussion on the future of the electronic communications and digital infrastructure regulatory framework On Thursday 23 October, in Brussels, Oxera hosted a roundtable discussion entitled ‘The new electronic communications and digital infrastructure regulatory framework: what does the economic evidence say?’. The discussion took place in the context of an increasing focus on the need for change in how the sector is… Read More 20 October 2025 The design and functioning of CSD services in the EU There is growing attention from policymakers on the market structure and functioning of the EU Central Securities Depository (CSD) sector. This is an important topic with implications for EU investors, EU companies and the real economy. Much of the debate has focused on the problem of ‘fragmentation’, a… Read More 20 October 2025 Evaluating offshored industries and emissions As the UK pursues its net zero target, understanding the full impact of the emissions associated with domestic consumption is key to credible climate policy. The current UK national carbon accounting framework focuses on territorial emissions, capturing emissions released within the country’s geographic boundaries. In doing so, it omits… Read More 14 October 2025 Oxera’s response to the public consultation on the Draft Guidelines on the Foreign Subsidies Regulation Oxera welcomes the initiative of the European Commission (the Commission) to provide formal guidelines on the application of certain provisions of the Foreign Subsidies Regulation (the FSR Draft Guidelines). We support the objective of enhancing predictability and providing a clear analytical framework for enforcement. However, we have identified some… Read More 22 August 2025 AI, competition, and regulation: navigating the challenges ahead Artificial intelligence (AI) is a general-purpose technology driving technological change at a rapid pace, reshaping industries, markets, and broader economic structures. While AI offers the prospect of significant productivity gains and economic growth, these benefits are not guaranteed and come with inherent risks and costs. Among the risks are… Read More Contact us Based in: Belgium France Germany Italy Netherlands Spain United Kingdom [email protected] +44 (0) 20 7776 6600 Privacy Policy Cookies Terms of business Terms of use Terms of engagement Modern slavery and human trafficking statement Oxera Consulting LLP is a limited liability partnership registered in England and Wales No. OC392464 Registered office: Park Central, 40/41 Park End Street, Oxford, OX1 1JD, UK