 Morgan Stanley Online Test [2026]: Comprehensive Practice Pack | JobTestPrep AI CV AI Interview Log in Browse Tests Browse Tests Browse Tests Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Test Free Abstract Reasoning Test Free Psychometric Test Free Numerical Reasoning Test Free Numerical SHL Test Free Critical Thinking Test Free Personality Test Free Pilot Aptitude Test Free Verbal Reasoning Test Free Spatial Reasoning Test Tests Providers Tests Providers SHL Watson Glaser Cut-e/Aon Saville Arctic Shores Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Sova Pymetrics TestGorilla Hogan CCAT & UCAT Best Seller Products Best Seller Products Banking Summer Internship Watson Glaser Public Health Specialists SHL Arctic Shores Cut-e/Aon Saville Executive Aptitude Tests Banking Spring Internships Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Qantas Pilots Psychometric Test Thomas GIA Raven's Progressive Matrices McKinsey Problem Solving (Imbellus) Personality & Behavioural Personality & Behavioural Situational Judgement Test Thomas GIA Saville Aptitude Test Cubiks Test OPQ32 Adept-15 Korn Ferry Leadership Potential Predictive Index (PI) McQuaig Word Survey Myers Briggs Other Popular Assessments Other Popular Assessments Emirates Cabin Crew Test UBS Assessment BKSB Test Ravens Progressive Matrices Saville Aptitude Test Amazon Assessment SHL Excel Questions Video Interview Prep Arctic Shores Premium Membership AI CV AI Interview About Us Log in AI CV AI Interview My PrepPacks™ Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Test Free Abstract Reasoning Test Free Psychometric Test Free Numerical Reasoning Test Free Numerical SHL Test Free Critical Thinking Test Free Personality Test Free Pilot Aptitude Test Free Verbal Reasoning Test Free Spatial Reasoning Test Tests Providers Tests Providers SHL Watson Glaser Cut-e/Aon Saville Arctic Shores Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Sova Pymetrics TestGorilla Hogan CCAT & UCAT Best Seller Products Best Seller Products Banking Summer Internship Watson Glaser Public Health Specialists SHL Arctic Shores Cut-e/Aon Saville Executive Aptitude Tests Banking Spring Internships Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Qantas Pilots Psychometric Test Thomas GIA Raven's Progressive Matrices McKinsey Problem Solving (Imbellus) Personality & Behavioural Personality & Behavioural Situational Judgement Test Thomas GIA Saville Aptitude Test Cubiks Test OPQ32 Adept-15 Korn Ferry Leadership Potential Predictive Index (PI) McQuaig Word Survey Myers Briggs Other Popular Assessments Other Popular Assessments Emirates Cabin Crew Test UBS Assessment BKSB Test Ravens Progressive Matrices Saville Aptitude Test Amazon Assessment SHL Excel Questions Video Interview Prep Arctic Shores Premium Membership Homepage Banking Tests Morgan Stanley Online Assessment Homepage Banking Tests Morgan Stanley Online Assessment Morgan Stanley Online Test: Assessment PrepPack [2026] Morgan Stanley Online Test: Assessment PrepPack [2026] 4.8 150 Reviews Updated: February 20, 2026 Morgan Stanley is one of the biggest and most important financial institutions in the world. Unsurprisingly, it is also one of the hardest to get into . Whether you are applying for a Morgan Stanley Spring Week, Internship or Graduate Scheme, you will have to go through the Morgan Stanley online tests . Many candidates are overwhelmed by the difficulty level of the tests and just give up. A lot of effort and willingness is applied throughout such a rigorous process. Our comprehensive preparation pack will reduce the stress and get you fully prepared for the crucial Morgan Stanley online test, to make sure you ace it. Start Preparing Today Access this course and more with our Banking Summer Internship PrepPack ! Morgan Stanley Online Assessment 4.8 150 Reviews Morgan Stanley 1 Month Summer Internship 1 Month Summer Internship 3 Months One-Time Payment 1 Month Access Realistic practice tests & study guides Created by experts with a focus on accuracy Full prep for Morgan Stanley + the following banks: J.P. Morgan Barclays HSBC Blackstone Deutsche Bank UBS BNP Paribas Fidelity Nomura Jefferies RBC Capital Markets Goldman Sachs Bank of America Citi Santander Schroders Citadel Macquarie Group Standard Chartered Houlihan Lokey Wells Fargo PJT Partners BDO Global Crédit Agricole Rothschild & Co. Moelis & Co Lloyds Lazard Blackrock Also Available: 6 Months Access ( see here ) Note: This product cannot be included in the Premium Membership Show More Money Back Guarantee The Morgan Stanley Assessment PrepPack includes: Accurate practice questions – 13 practice tests in the EXACT same format and time constraint as in the real test. Personalised performance report – Following each practice test you will get a full report on your performance, with extensive explanations on each and every question. Full guides – Three thorough guides filled with tips and strategies to help you learn how to approach every question type. 50 studies with over 134K participants found that the more accurate the preparation is, the higher your chances are to succeed on the test. Hadassah, Cognitive Test Developer at JobTestPrep I am Hadassah Goldberg, a Cognitive Test Developer at JobTestPrep, holding a BSc in Neuroscience and Cognition Studies with a minor in Philosophy. With extensive experience in education and content development, I specialize in providing expert insights and strategies for various assessments. I am also responsible for creating test questions and instructional videos for our PrepPacks, ensuring that each resource supports learners in achieving their full potential. Have a question? Contact me at: ask_the_team@jobtestprep.co.uk Join our Society partnership programme! Email us to learn more. Morgan Stanley Online Test Every Morgan Stanley application starts with the Morgan Stanley online test. Because it is such a HUGE and popular financial firm, thousands of applicants apply for each position. Sadly, MS can’t interview all of them. So, they use the online tests to screen out a significant portion of applicants, and move forward only with the top candidates. The acceptance rate for a Morgan Stanley internship is less than 2% . Based on reviews from our costumers, we know that 60% of those who prepared with our practice material passed the tests and moved on to the next stage. The difference between a 2% chance and a 60% chance is huge, and it is all thanks to accurate practising. Our experience shows that the more accurate the preparation, the better your chances are in passing the test. Note: Shortly after sending your application, you will get an email invitation for the online tests. Once received, you will have 48 hours to complete the tests. Preparing yourself for the tests in 48 hours might be stressful, so you are advised to start your preparation prior to sending the initial application. However, if you already got the email, no worries. Try clearing your schedule and dive into the preparation material. What does the assessment contain? In 2019 Morgan Stanley started working with a test provider called Cut-e (AON) . They administer 6 online tests for Morgan Stanley: Numerical Reasoning test Switch Challenge Situational Judgment test Inductive Logical Thinking (ix) test Deductive Logical Thinking (ist) test Verbal Reasoning Test Note : Several candidates may be required to undergo a gamified Pymetrics assessment. At first glance these tests might look like a walk in the park. They are not. The best way to beat the Morgan Stanley Online Test is to practise more and more until you can ace it in your sleep. Morgan Stanley Numerical Reasoning Test The numerical reasoning test assesses your ability to retrieve information and draw logical conclusions from numerical data presented in tables and charts. On this test, you will get 6 different documents with data, on which you will be asked 18 questions . You will get only 6 minutes to complete the segment . Numerical Reasoning Sample Question Arclight's dividend per share in fiscal year 2 was 25% higher than in fiscal year 1. True Correct! False Wrong Cannot Say Wrong View Explanation The graph reveals the different dividends per share for three companies across a five-year period. Look at Arclight's area (blue). Dividend per share was 2 Euros in FY 1, and 2.5 in FY 2. Indeed, 2.5 is 25% higher than 2: (2.5/2)-1=0.25 Therefore, the statement is true. Note: If you wish to avoid decimals, you can multiply the figures by multiples of 10 (simply by moving the decimal point to the right) until they are integers. In this case you need to multiply the figures by 10 (move the decimal point one place): 2.5*10=25 2*10=20 These numbers are easier to work with. The difference is 25-20=5, and we know that 5 is a quarter of 20 (20/5=4), and that a quarter is equivalent to 25%. Why Practising for the Morgan Stanley Numerical Reasoning Test Is So Important? You will have 6 different documents with data. For each question, you will have to figure out which document is the relevant one and then retrieve the right data. You will have only six minutes for 18 questions . It might not seem like a problem right now, but on the test, you will have A LOT of information to sort through to answer each question. You need to learn how to do so very fast. The cut-off score for this test is probably around 13 right answers . To stand out you need to score higher than that. Tip: Before you even read the first question, look at the tab titles (each tab contains one document filled with data) and very quickly scan through their contents. Note the axis titles of the charts and the column titles of the tables. Do not spend too long doing this; it is only meant to provide you with a very basic knowledge of the information you have to sift through during the test. Full Prep for the Morgan Stanley Assessment Start practicing accurately for ALL Morgan Stanley tests and improve your chances of passing to the next stage! Start Preparing Today Morgan Stanley Switch Challenge The Switch Challenge is actually a specific and unique Logical Reasoning Test . This is where most candidates fail, as the questions are both objectively hard, and nothing like you have ever seen before – which makes it that much harder. In each question, there are 4 symbols that change position according to a specific rule. You need to choose the correct operator (out of three alternatives) to change the order of the symbols according to that rule. Each operator consists of four digits. Each digit represents the previous position of each symbol before it was changed by the operator. The new order of the symbols’ position matches the position of the digits. For example: Let’s see how a question might look like: Switch Challenge Sample Question Which operator is the right one for this input and output? Check out the video explanation below to see if you got it right. Switch Challenge Sample Question Why Practising for the Morgan Stanley Switch Challenge Is So Important? On the real test, you will only have six minutes to answer as many questions as possible. The higher the level, the harder the questions get . You can get as many as 3 layers of operators in the same question. If you make a mistake, you will be dropped to a lower difficulty level , which is probably worth fewer points. This is not a typical test, and the question type is like nothing you have seen before . Tip: When you are presented with a 3-layer question, your best strategy is to first work top-bottom to find the first operator and then work bottom-top to find the 3rd operator. Once you have both, you can find out which is the 2nd operator (the one in the middle), which is usually the answer you are looking for. Morgan Stanley Situational Judgment Test This test is designed to see how you will handle yourself in a real Morgan Stanley work environment. You will have 30 minutes , during which you will be presented with messages from different authorities in the firm. The test is built on a chat-like interactive platform called chatAssess . Each virtual employee will be presented by an avatar, and each avatar you click on will give you more information to understand better how to react: For each message you will have to respond by choosing from a list of options. Like a real chat, every response will trigger a new message from the avatar, for which you will have to choose a new response. You will have to figure out what to do in various situations like an error you have made in a report, a client complaining or your boss asking you to do something that you don’t have time to do. It might sound easy enough, but the responses presented are really similar and the answer is not obvious. Here is an example: Situational Judgment Test Sample Question During your lunch break, Mark, your colleague, tells you that he was watching you work and knows a better way for you to file and organize documents. How would you respond? View Explanation Primary competency : Communication skills Secondary competencies : Adaptability; Social intelligence; Working under authority Best response: C This is an ideal response. On the one hand, you don’t dismiss Mark’s comments, whilst on the other, you are not going to initiate any change prior to consulting with your superiors. The ability to respond appropriately and sensitively to your colleague demonstrates effective communication and social intelligence. This response also demonstrates your adaptability by showing that you are open to change. Why other answers are worst: A. In this scenario, you are dealing with a form of criticism from a work colleague. The way you respond to criticism indicates something about your social and communication skills. Choosing this response shows a lack of these skills, as you are being dismissive of Mark's criticism. You are also showing a low level of adaptability by not being open to potential change. B. You are responding to Mark’s criticism in a very defensive and suspicious way. Not being able to accept criticism in a positive and constructive manner demonstrates a lack of social and communication skills. This response also indicates poor social intelligence as the comment made has the potential to create antagonism. Additionally, the content of the comment shows that you are neither adaptable nor open to potential changes. D. It is difficult not to choose this response as it provides a rational argument for why not to accept Mark’s criticism. However, the fact that you are dismissive of his opinion may damage your ability to build rapport with him, thus showing poor social intelligence. In addition, you are not open to change in your work environment, thus indicating a lack of adaptability. Why Practising for the Morgan Stanley Situational Judgment Test Is So Important? The responses are all in the grey area. It is hard to choose the right one. It seems that there are no wrong or right answers, but there are. You need to know what stands behind each response, and what personality trait it emphasizes in you. Full Prep for the Morgan Stanley Assessment Start practicing accurately for ALL Morgan Stanley tests and improve your chances of passing to the next stage! Start Preparing Today Morgan Stanley Inductive Logical Thinking (ix) test Each question in the test consists of a row of nine objects. All objects but one conform to the same rule, and your task is to select the object that does not fit this rule. There are numerous sets of rules that might be applied, and you have to identify the rule quickly, as you will have only 5 minutes for 20 questions . That is 15 seconds per question . See if you can handle the time limit in the following example. Inductive Logical Thinking (ix) Sample Question Which object doesn't fit the rule? View Explanation The correct answer is object #6 . The objects form a numerical series: When moving from one object to the next, the number of shapes decreases by one and then, from the fifth object onwards, increases by one. The only object that does not fit this rule is object #6, which contains three shapes instead of two. Note: The varying types of shapes serve as a distraction; the only thing that matters is the number of shapes in each object. Why Practising for the Morgan Stanley Inductive Logical Thinking Test Is So Important? You have only about 15 seconds per question . Every question consists of 9 objects, that is a lot of information you must decipher in very little time – it could be very confusing. Points will be deducted from your score for every wrong answer. Rules are changed from question to question, and in some cases, questions seem very similar but are actually governed by different rules . If you know the main rules in advance, you will be able to quickly identify the correct rule without confusion. Tip: If the rule is hard to discern, examine the objects carefully, focusing on one characteristic at a time. For instance, you can start by counting the number of shapes in each object while ignoring their colour. If you do not find a rule concerning the number of shapes, you can examine their colour. Morgan Stanley Deductive Logical Thinking (ist) Test In each question, you will be presented with a 4X4 or 5X5 table, where each cell is filled with one shape. Only one cell will be marked with a question mark, and your job is to figure out which shape belongs in that cell. How do you know which shape fits? The only rule you have to follow is that each shape must appear exactly once in each row and in each column. If this sounds familiar to you, you must be a Sudoku fan – it’s exactly the same, only with shapes instead of numbers. Sounds pretty easy, no? Well, as you know already, it is usually a bit more complicated than that . Depending on the question’s difficulty level, some shapes are missing, which will make your way to the solution much longer. The less shapes you are presented with, the more difficult the question is . Bear in mind that you will have six minutes to answer as many questions as you possibly can . To answer correctly is not enough, you have to do it with lightning speed. No time to waste! Try a sample question to see how fast you can solve it: Deductive Logical Thinking (ist) Sample Question Select the one shape that belongs where the ? is. View Explanation Since there is already a square in the top row of the first column, the square in the fourth row must be in the second column. Having added the square, the shape missing from the second column is the circle. There is already an X in the top row of the middle column. Having added the circle, the X in the second row must be in the last column. Having added the X, the shape missing from the second row is the square. The correct answer is Why Practising for the Morgan Stanley Deductive Logical Thinking Test Is So Important? You have to work fast – Remember that your goal is to answer as many questions as you can in only Six minutes. In many questions, there are a lot of missing shapes. This means that you will have to take more steps to get to the answer. The more steps you have to take, the longer you waste on each question . The 5X5 tables are much more challenging to decipher quickly. You will get a negative marking for every wrong answer, so guessing is not really an option. Tip: Before you start answering, you might want to decide on a path you want to take and arrange the steps in advance. If you go in the wrong path you will take more unnecessary steps, which will cost you valuable time. Morgan Stanley Verbal Reasoning Test This test is designed to assess how well you can extract information from written data and come to the right conclusions. You will have six sheets of written data to analyse, each is filled with a LOT of information to quickly absorb and understand. Your task is to figure out for each of the 18 statements you are presented, if it is true, false or you cannot say . Each statement is regarding only one sheet of data, which adds another trickiness – you have to figure out which sheet is the right one. T