Employability Hub | Early Careers | PwC UK Careers Skip to content Skip to footer Early careers Experienced careers Flexible or contractor careers Working at PwC Our people, their stories. More Search Menu Early careers Early careers Applying and FAQs Employability hub Entry level Graduate Our events Our job search Training and development Undergraduate Menu Early careers Applying and FAQs Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessment and selection process Do you need immigration authorisation to work in the UK? FAQs The behaviours we look for Menu Early careers Employability hub Menu Early careers Entry level Entry level programmes Flying Start degree programmes New World. New Skills. Virtual Insight Programme Menu Early careers Graduate Advisory and Consulting Audit, Accounting, Tax and Finance Legal Services Strategy Technology and AI Menu Early careers Our events Virtual Classroom Menu Early careers Our job search Menu Early careers Training and development Menu Early careers Undergraduate Diversity Programmes Legal Summer Vacation Scheme Summer Internship Undergraduate Work Placement Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Experienced careers Experienced careers Application support Careers toolkit Partner recruitment Search all jobs Menu Experienced careers Application support Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessments - what to expect Our application experience PwC sponsorship and working permits Recruitment agencies The behaviours we look for Menu Experienced careers Careers toolkit Menu Experienced careers Partner recruitment Menu Experienced careers Search all jobs Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Flexible careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible careers Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Working at PwC Working at PwC Career development Discover our UK offices Inclusion Our business areas Our people. Their stories Reward and benefits Wellbeing at PwC Menu Working at PwC Career development Menu Working at PwC Discover our UK offices Menu Working at PwC Inclusion Menu Working at PwC Our business areas Actuarial Audit Business Solutions Consulting Deals Legal Operate Tax Technology Menu Working at PwC Our people. Their stories Menu Working at PwC Reward and benefits Menu Working at PwC Wellbeing at PwC Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Our people, their stories. Our people, their stories. Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Loading Results No Match Found View All Results Application support Employability Hub Build the skills you need to apply At PwC, we’re focused on helping you to achieve your full potential. That’s why we’ve created the Employability Hub - a place where you’ll find useful virtual tools to support you in developing key employability skills. Explore our various resources below. E-learns to support your application Online applications and assessments This e-learn focuses on the initial stages of making an application, completing online application forms and the online assessments. Launch e-learn Interview preparation This e-learn has been designed to give you an insight into how to best prepare for an interview. Launch e-learn Assessment centres This e-learn has been designed to give you an insight into how to best prepare for an assessment centre. Launch e-learn Practical tools and practise assessments Audit - give it a go This interactive exercise is designed to give you a taste of the work we do in audit for our clients - developing your knowledge, understanding, and relevant skills. Click here Practice tests for PwC assessments A series of online assessments that measure your cognitive skills and behavioural preferences. The tests most relevant for PwC are numerical reasoning, inductive reasoning and behaviour based. Click here (external link, opens in a new tab) Business 101 You can build your knowledge of business and commercial vocabulary by using our “Business 101” glossary. Click here The behaviours we look for The PwC Professional outlines the behaviours we expect you to demonstrate in the assessment process. Click here < Back < Back [+] Read More How should I use the Employability Hub alongside my application? You don’t need to complete everything at once. You can dip into the Employability Hub at different stages of your application, using specific resources when they’re most relevant to you, such as before an assessment or interview. Will using the Employability Hub give me an advantage in the selection process? The Employability Hub is designed to help everyone understand what to expect and how to prepare. Using it won’t guarantee an outcome, but it can help you feel more confident and better informed throughout the process. Do I need to complete all the resources in the Employability Hub? The Employability Hub is designed to be flexible, so you can choose the resources that are most relevant to you, depending on where you are in your journey and what support you feel you need. Can I use the Employability Hub even if I’ve applied to PwC before? Yes. The Employability Hub is design to support any application you make, it’s a useful place to access practise tests, improve your interviewing technique and learn about different type of assessments. While we’ll explain what to expect at each stage of the PwC assessment process, you may still want to use the Employability hub to prepare. Is the Employability Hub relevant if I’m applying for different roles or programmes? Yes. The Employability Hub focuses on core employability skills, behaviours and assessment types that are relevant across different employers early careers programmes. Follow PwC UK Careers Working at PwC Inclusion Reward and benefits Discover our UK offices Our People. Their Stories. Talent Community Alumni Our Business Actuarial Audit Consulting Deals Business Solutions Legal Operate Risk Tax Technology Early Careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Event search Job search Employability hub Training and development Applying and FAQs Experienced Careers Our job search Careers toolkit Applying Partner Recruitment Flexible and contractor Our job search Flexible careers Contractor careers Join our Talent Community Your account © 2020 - 2026 PwC. All rights reserved. PwC refers to the PwC network and/or one or more of its member firms, each of which is a separate legal entity. Please see www.pwc.com/structure for further details. Privacy Statement Cookies info Legal Disclaimer About Site Provider Provision of Services Diversity Web Accessibility