Think It New | Apollo Global Management General Public General Public Institutional Investors Public Shareholders Wealth Professionals Log In Investors Former Employees Portfolio Companies About Apollo Strategies Insights & News Investors Media About Apollo Learn about our firm, our purpose, our people and our offices around the world. Explore Our History Our People Sustainability & Our Impact Careers Contact Us Sustainability Overview Expanding Opportunity Reporting & Transparency The Apollo Opportunity Foundation Financing The Global Industrial Renaissance Apollo stands as a key financing partner for some of the most innovative sectors driving our future. The Only Constant is Change As markets change, Apollo transforms by creating innovative and differentiated strategies that are defining the future of finance. Strategies Discover what makes Apollo an innovative capital provider, future-focused asset manager and leader in wealth management and retirement solutions. Explore Asset Management Retirement Solutions Credit Equity Real Assets Financial Services Financing Solutions for Companies Credit Overview Asset-Backed Finance Corporate Credit Equity Overview Private Equity Hybrid Value Impact Investing Platform Secondaries (S3) Real Assets Overview Energy Transition Real Estate European Principal Finance (EPF) Infrastructure Financial Services Overview Origination Financial Services Solutions Private Investment-Grade Credit Explore how private credit can promote resiliency in financial systems, fuel business growth and power retirement income. Insights & News Discover Apollo’s latest perspectives, case studies, research and analysis shaping conversations about private markets. Explore Insights Press Releases In the News The Daily Spark Apollo Academy Inside Alts With Marc Rowan What if the assumptions we’ve always relied on in finance no longer hold true? New Heights for Air France-KLM How Apollo’s long-duration capital and aviation expertise helped one of the world’s leading airlines soar to new heights. Investors Explore resources designed to support private markets investors and public shareholders. Explore Public Private Athene, Retirement Services Apollo Global Management, Inc. (NYSE: APO) Athene (NYSE: ATH.PRA-D) Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance (NYSE: ARI) MidCap Financial Investment Corp. (NASDAQ: MFIC) Institutional Investors Wealth Professionals Watch the Replay of Investor Day Featuring senior leaders from across the business providing insight on the firm’s progress, long-term growth opportunities, strategy and financial outlook. General Public General Public Institutional Investors Public Shareholders Wealth Professionals Log In Investors Former Employees Portfolio Companies About Apollo Strategies Insights & News Investors Media Back About Apollo Learn about our firm, our purpose, our people and our offices around the world. Explore Our History Our People Sustainability & Our Impact Careers Contact Us Financing The Global Industrial Renaissance Apollo stands as a key financing partner for some of the most innovative sectors driving our future. The Only Constant is Change As markets change, Apollo transforms by creating innovative and differentiated strategies that are defining the future of finance. Back Strategies Discover what makes Apollo an innovative capital provider, future-focused asset manager and leader in wealth management and retirement solutions. Explore Asset Management Retirement Solutions Private Investment-Grade Credit Explore how private credit can promote resiliency in financial systems, fuel business growth and power retirement income. Back Insights & News Discover Apollo’s latest perspectives, case studies, research and analysis shaping conversations about private markets. Explore Insights Press Releases In the News The Daily Spark Apollo Academy Inside Alts With Marc Rowan What if the assumptions we’ve always relied on in finance no longer hold true? New Heights for Air France-KLM How Apollo’s long-duration capital and aviation expertise helped one of the world’s leading airlines soar to new heights. Back Investors Explore resources designed to support private markets investors and public shareholders. Explore Public Private Athene, Retirement Services Watch the Replay of Investor Day Featuring senior leaders from across the business providing insight on the firm’s progress, long-term growth opportunities, strategy and financial outlook. Back Media Back to About Apollo Our History Back to About Apollo Our People Back to About Apollo Sustainability & Our Impact Sustainability Overview Expanding Opportunity Reporting & Transparency The Apollo Opportunity Foundation Back to About Apollo Careers Back to About Apollo Contact Us Back to Strategies Asset Management Credit Equity Real Assets Financial Services Financing Solutions for Companies Back to Strategies Retirement Solutions Back to Insights & News Insights Back to Insights & News Press Releases Back to Insights & News In the News Back to Insights & News The Daily Spark Back to Insights & News Apollo Academy Back to Investors Public Apollo Global Management, Inc. (NYSE: APO) Athene (NYSE: ATH.PRA-D) Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance (NYSE: ARI) MidCap Financial Investment Corp. (NASDAQ: MFIC) Back to Investors Private Institutional Investors Wealth Professionals Back to Investors Athene, Retirement Services Back to Sustainability & Our Impact Sustainability Overview Back to Sustainability & Our Impact Expanding Opportunity Back to Sustainability & Our Impact Reporting & Transparency Back to Sustainability & Our Impact The Apollo Opportunity Foundation Back to Asset Management Credit Credit Overview Asset-Backed Finance Corporate Credit Back to Asset Management Equity Equity Overview Private Equity Hybrid Value Impact Investing Platform Secondaries (S3) Back to Asset Management Real Assets Real Assets Overview Energy Transition Real Estate European Principal Finance (EPF) Infrastructure Back to Asset Management Financial Services Financial Services Overview Origination Financial Services Solutions Back to Asset Management Financing Solutions for Companies Back to Public Apollo Global Management, Inc. (NYSE: APO) Back to Public Athene (NYSE: ATH.PRA-D) Back to Public Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance (NYSE: ARI) Back to Public MidCap Financial Investment Corp. (NASDAQ: MFIC) Back to Private Institutional Investors Back to Private Wealth Professionals Search Search SUGGESTED SEARCH TERMS Private Investment-Grade Credit Capital Solutions Athene Origination Infrastructure Sustainability Hybrid Equity Market Insight Retirement Podcast Secondaries Every breakthrough starts with a bold what if... Think It New Every breakthrough starts with a bold what if... What if the financial world doesn’t work the way you think it does? Learn More Think It New At Apollo, innovation isn’t just part of our strategy. It is our strategy. In an ever-evolving financial landscape, the only constant is change. What succeeded yesterday might not suffice today, and what works today may not support tomorrow’s goals. The answer? Rigorous thinking and relentless adaptation. At Apollo, we challenge assumptions, identify white space and create innovative solutions. We believe our ethos of innovation shapes our differentiated strategy. Discover how we're defining the future of finance with vision, and precision. What if private capital was powering the future? See how Apollo is addressing the $75T investment need to power the Global Industrial Renaissance with bold, yet nimble, capital. Think CapEx New Think CapEx New What if the universe of private credit is larger than you think? At Apollo, we see it as a $40T, largely investment-grade market. Explore how private credit can promote resiliency in financial systems, fuel business growth, and power retirement income. Think Private Credit New Think Private Credit New What if expertise is as valuable as equity? Learn how Apollo leverages deep industry knowledge to empower management teams in achieving their goals. Think Business Growth New Think Business Growth New What if one size doesn’t fit all? Discover how Apollo creates flexible solutions to help companies realize their ambitions. Think Credit New Think Credit New What if private markets have more potential than you think? Public markets have become increasingly indexed and correlated, resulting in diminished growth prospects. Learn how alternatives have the potential to provide diversification benefits and enhance risk-adjusted returns. Think Portfolio Construction New Think Portfolio Construction New What if public markets aren’t as promised? It’s time to rethink the traditional approach to passive and active fixed income strategies. Discover the significant opportunity we see in private markets to generate high-quality excess yield. Think Fixed Income New Think Fixed Income New Explore More About Us Insights & News Strategies Private Investment-Grade Credit Social Explore Apollo About Us Strategies Sustainability & Our Impact Insights & News Careers Media More Information Athene Apollo Academy Investor Relations (NYSE: APO) Contact Us Governance Terms of Use Privacy Policy Web Fraud & Phishing Disclosures Disclaimer Forward-Looking Statements Form CRS Cookies © Apollo Global Management, Inc. 2026 All Rights Reserved.