Geopolitics and Geostrategy: Managing Risk, Growth & Opportunity | EY - UK EY - Parthenon Logo Insights AI Insights Finance Geostrategy People and workforce Risk Sustainability Technology Transformation Services Strategy by EY-Parthenon Strategy Consulting Services Corporate Strategy Geopolitical Strategy Commercial Strategy Working Capital Turnaround and Restructuring Consulting Sustainability Strategy AI Strategy Services Industry Strategy Transactions and Corporate Finance by EY-Parthenon M&A Advisory M&A Integration M&A AI-powered Technology Divestment Strategy Corporate Finance Valuation, Modeling & Economics Due Diligence Services Infrastructure Advisory Transaction Tax Consulting Customer & Growth by EY Studio+ Cyber Incident Resilience and Response Solution Data and decision intelligence CRO (Risk) Supply chain and operations Technology leaders’ agenda Transformation EQ Transformation Platforms People and workforce Change management and experience HR Transformation Services People Mobility Solution Learning and development consulting services Recognition and reward advisory Workforce analytics Assurance Services Technology Risk Audit Climate change and sustainability services Financial accounting advisory services Forensic and Integrity Services The EY private client audit experience Long-term value metrics creation IFRS Tax Tax planning Tax function operations Tax policy and controversy Global trade Global tax reform Tax compliance Transaction Tax Tax services: Designed for private Law Corporate and commercial law Digital law Labor and employment law Legal operations Transaction law Technology Technology Managed Services ey.ai The Reimagination Engine EY Audit Technology Tax technology M&A AI-powered Technology Technology transformation Alliances Blockchain EY Managed Services Cybersecurity Managed Services Financial Accounting and Expanded Corporate Reporting Managed Services Legal Managed Services Risk Managed Services Supply Chain and Operations Managed Services Sustainability managed services Tax Managed Services Technology Managed Services EY Private EY Private client experience EY private client audit experience service offerings Tax services: Designed for private Family enterprise IPO Entrepreneurship EY Sustainability Sustainability Strategy Climate change and sustainability services Sustainable finance Supply Chain Transformation Sustainability tax services Legal services Global renewables Climate and decarbonization Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) Services Industries Consumer & Health Consumer Products Health Life Sciences Retail Financial Services Banking & Capital Markets Insurance Wealth & Asset Management Sustainability in Financial Services Fintech and ecosystems Government & Infrastructure Government & Public Sector Infrastructure Education Human services Public finance management Industrials & Energy Aerospace, Defense & Mobility Industrial Products Mining & Metals Oil & Gas and Chemicals Power & Utilities Future mobility Mobility lens suite Transportation Private Equity Digital in private equity Exit readiness PE deal origination Private Equity Portfolio Company Value Creation Services Generative AI services for private equity Technology, Media & Entertainment, Telecommunications Technology, Media & Entertainment, Telecommunications Telecommunications Technology sector As-a-service business operations and transformation TMT business resiliency suite Future network now Capital operations and innovation suite (COInS) Careers What you can do here Technology careers at EY Assurance careers at EY Careers in Consulting Tax careers at EY Careers in People Advisory Services Careers in Financial Services Careers in Core Business Services Careers in EY-Parthenon What it's like to work here Belonging at EY Personalised career development Rewards and benefits How to join us How to join us Early Careers Adjustments Job search Experienced professionals Early Careers Our locations About us Our purpose Our values Our people EY UK 2025 Impact Report Alumni Newsroom EY Network Locations Connect with us Insights Read more Read less Asking the better questions that unlock new answers to the working world's most complex issues. Read more Read less Explore Trending topics Read more Read less See more Read more Read less See more Read more Read less C-suite agendas Read more Read less AI insights Sustainability in business Economics EY Center of Board Matters CEO agenda Technology leaders' agenda EY podcasts EY webcasts See more Read more Read less Services Read more Read less EY helps clients create long-term value for all stakeholders. Enabled by data and technology, our services and solutions provide trust through assurance and help clients transform, grow and operate. Read more Read less Explore See more Read more Read less Spotlight Read more Read less Strategy, transaction and transformation consulting Technology transformation Tax function operations Climate change and sustainability services Alliances and ecosystems Read more Read less Industries Read more Read less Discover how EY insights and services are helping to reframe the future of your industry. Read more Read less Explore See more Read more Read less Case studies Read more Read less Corporate Responsibility How TRANSFORM is helping impact entrepreneurs scale 10 Apr 2026 EY Global Alliances How humanoid robotics are strengthening complex industrial work 16 Mar 2026 EY Global Alliances How IntraBio's finance transformation fueled its global expansion 14 May 2025 EY Global Careers Read more Read less We bring together extraordinary people, like you, to build a better working world. Read more Read less Explore See more Read more Read less Spotlight Read more Read less Experienced professionals Early careers Technology careers Belonging at EY Read more Read less About us Read more Read less At EY, our purpose is building a better working world. The insights and services we provide help to create long-term value for clients, people and society, and to build trust in the capital markets. Read more Read less Explore See more Read more Read less Spotlight Read more Read less Search search Search for insights, services and people... close search See all results for ' ' No results have been found Topics See All General See All People See All Recent Searches Trending When the world shifts overnight, can you operate at the speed of trust? Risk operating models must become strategy-first, trigger-based and governance-forward. Learn how Risk Strategists are leading the way. 05 Mar 2026 Corporate culture How data readiness can enhance private equity exit value Data readiness is now critical to exit value, speed and confidence. Discover why it matters and how to be proactive. 05 Mar 2026 Private Equity How telcos can transform their B2B growth outlook A changing geopolitical environment coupled with rising security needs offer ICT providers new opportunities to reinvigorate their B2B growth. 24 Feb 2026 Telecommunications My EY My EY Select your location Local sites Geopolitics and Geostrategy: Key insights Geopolitics affects every global organization. It is reshaping global markets and business operations. In today's volatile landscape, geopolitical risk presents both challenges and opportunities for global organizations. To thrive, they must implement transformational change swiftly. Executives need to map the impact of these risks across their operations, integrating geopolitical risk management into their overall strategy and governance in order to anticipate disruptions and effectively drive enterprise-wide growth. Read more Read less Conflict in the Middle East Watch the replay of our webcast from 13 March 2026 discussing practical considerations for global business leaders. Watch webcast replay here Global perspectives Geostrategic Analysis: April 2026 edition Read the April 2026 Geostrategic Analysis for our take on geopolitical developments and the impact of these political risks on international business. Oliver Jones + 1 Top 10 geopolitical developments in 2026 Geopolitical volatility and uncertainty will persist in 2026. There are three geostrategic actions to build resilience and set strategy. Learn more. Oliver Jones + 1 How to optimize your global strategy amid asymmetric globalization Exploring future scenarios reveals divergent paths for geopolitics, economic policies, sector trajectories and company strategies. Learn more. Oliver Jones + 1 The five habits of successful Geostrategists All companies are shifting strategies to adapt to geopolitical risk. Here is how to invest more efficiently and strategically than your competitors. Read more. Courtney Rickert McCaffrey + 1 Previous Next Open image description Close image description The pace of Geopolitical developments is accelerating. As a result, the elevated level of geopolitical risk is creating both challenges and opportunities for global organizations. For those who don’t want to be left behind, the time to act and prepare for these developments is now. Join the EY-Parthenon Geostrategic Business Group bi-weekly, as they discuss the leading trends they are seeing, explore the impact of Geopolitical developments on sectors and markets around the world, plus provide practical advice for organizations developing a geostrategy today. Subscribe for Geostrategic Analysis newsletter Monthly analysis from EY-Parthenon right to your inbox. Sign up now Navigating the business impacts of geopolitics Geopolitical change affects every part of your business. Click on the tabs to learn more. Read more Read less Risk and resilience Supply chain and global trade Corporate strategy National security and economic goals are increasingly being melded by governments, often aiming to enhance domestic production and competition in strategic industries. Using political risk assessments and political risk due diligence through bespoke political risk analysis to adapting trade and finance strategies is one way organizations could look to manage these impacts. Learn how to manage volatility, optimize capital, and navigate complex risks in a changing global landscape. Read more Read less Risk Transformation Study The 2025 EY Global Risk Transformation Study explores how Risk Strategists see disruption earlier, adapt faster and respond with more precision. Financial Services Discover how tax leaders can leverage geopolitical volatility to engage with policymakers in helping shape tax regulations. 27 May 2025 | Chris Sanger In a volatile geopolitical environment, with new trade tariffs, companies are adapting their supply chain strategies for agility, resilience and sustainability. Not only can scenario analysis help improve an organizations risk management approach, but conducting a geostrategy maturity assessment enables them to benchmark performance and ultimately improve their geostrategic resilience. Explore how to adapt your strategy and supply chain to stay competitive and resilient in the face of disruption. Read more Read less Supply Chain Reset Multiple trade disruptions are triggering a great supply chain reset via segmented models to drive agility, resilience and sustainability. Read more. Futureproof Global Trade Master global trade complexities with strategies for integration, technology and ESG alignment. Discover how tax leaders can future-proof trade functions. 28 Feb 2025 | EY Global Organizations globally are grappling with the challenge of incorporating resilience to geopolitical volatility into their long-term strategies. There are likely to be both risks and opportunities associated with geopolitical change, but it is those who have conducted the appropriate scenario planning exercises and baked agility into their strategies who will be best placed to respond. See how we can help you build resilience in a rapidly evolving geopolitical landscape. Read more Read less Sovereign Industrial Policy Government action is crucial in rebuilding a sovereign industrial policy to ensure economic security and bolster domestic manufacturing. Learn more. 02 Apr 2025 | Gueric Jacquet CEO Outlook Explore CEO 2026 priorities: disciplined growth that ties AI to ROI, embeds geopolitics into strategy and uses M&A to compete amid volatility. Contact us To build a geostrategy that turns global disruption into opportunity. How EY-Parthenon can help Geostrategic Business Group The Geostrategic Business Group can help translate geopolitical insights into business strategy to help manage political risk. Find out how. Read more Corporate and Growth Strategy EY-Parthenon professionals can help your business design and provide transformative strategies for sustainable growth. Learn more. Read more Indirect taxes and global trade Our indirect tax and global trade team can help your business strategically meet its tax obligations and resolve tax controversy. Find out more. Read more Risk transformation Discover how EY's risk transformation team can help Boards and CxOs build agile and risk-aware organizations that make better decisions. Read more Sustainability and ESG Strategy Consulting Our Sustainability and ESG Strategy Consulting teams can help you with strategy, M&A, capital allocation, ESG due diligence and portfolio optimization. Read more Supply chain and operations Our supply chain consulting professionals can help improve your operations, using AI and tech to boost resilience, efficiency and value. Find out how. Read more The team Oliver Jones EY Global Leader, Client Insights and Research; EY-Parthenon Geostrategy Leader Passionate about providing outstanding support to governments and businesses in a fast changing world. Deeply committed to excellence in public policy. Team builder. Mentor. Flexible worker. Husband and father of three. London, United Kingdom Mats Persson EY-Parthenon Partner, Strategy and Transactions, Ernst & Young LLP; EY UK&I Macro and Geostrategy Leader Passionate about the intersection of macroeconomics, global politics and trade. Value-driver and geoeconomics trend forecaster. Inclusive leader. Swede. Basketball player. London, United Kingdom Famke Krumbmüller EY-Parthenon EMEIA Geostrategic Business Group Leader Multilingual political strategist. Helps businesses understand geopolitical complexity. Passionate about European and global affairs. Bridges politics and business. Courtney Rickert McCaffrey EY-Parthenon Global Geostrategy Insights Leader; Director, Global Thematic Insights, Ernst & Young LLP Geopolitical analyst and strategist. Creative methodologist. Proud feminist. Passionate about generating insights to help executives make better-informed decisions. Washington DC, United States Adam Barbina EY-Parthenon US Geostrategy Leader Focused on helping businesses and colleagues when it matters most. Believer in the power of collaboration to achieve more. Arts and travel enthusiast. Angelika Goliger EY-Parthenon Africa Chief Economist A chief economist with a passion for inclusive growth. Avid podcast listener. Runner. Wife and mother to an active daughter. Johannesburg, South Africa David Kirsch Managing Director, Oil, Gas and Chemicals, Ernst & Young LLP Energy professional. Former diplomat. Economic advisor through three global crises. Seasoned in strategy, risk and competitive intelligence. Father of two. International birder. Houston, TX, United States Mary Cline EY-Parthenon Senior Advisor, Geostrategic Business Group Intrepid business and political strategist. Passionate about connecting the dots between politics, economics and business. Committed to delivering insights on critical global challenges. Washington DC, United States Show more Geostrategy by Design A new book from the Geostrategic Business Group and a professor from the ESG Initiative at the Wharton School advises executives on how to manage geopolitical risks in the new era of globalization. Order your copy today EY Parthenon footer logo Legal and privacy Modern slavery statement Connect with us Our locations My EY Site map Read more Read less Open Facebook profile Open LinkedIn profile Open Youtube profile EY refers to the global organization, and may refer to one or more, of the member firms of Ernst & Young Global Limited, each of which is a separate legal entity. Ernst & Young Global Limited, a UK company limited by guarantee, does not provide services to clients. For more information about our organization, please visit ey.com. EY-Parthenon is a brand under which a number of EY member firms across the globe provide strategy consulting services. Welcome to EY uk (en) You are visiting EY uk (en) uk en