Job vacancy - Lane Clark & Peacock LLP | LCP Careers Skip to main content Menu Early careers Early careers Back Early careers We offer a huge range of opportunities for those starting out in their careers. Find out more about our internship and graduate programmes and the opportunities we can offer. Learn more Graduate programme Summer internships Health postgraduate internship Pensions administration trainee programme Women's Talent Academy Graduates spotlight LCP graduates share their experience on their first few weeks at the firm, what they enjoyed most and the advice they would give anyone starting a graduate role. Our B Corp™ certification Why LCP became a Certified B Corp and how this commitment guides our work, decisions and responsibility to people, clients and the wider world. Discover more Experienced hires Experienced hires Back Experienced hires At LCP you can find a rewarding career in a supporting and empowering culture. Find out about job opportunities for experienced hires. Learn more Find a role Our vision & values LCP fuses human expertise with powerful analytics, guided by four values: Curious, Accountable, Connected and Agile. Explore LCP's podcasts Listen to the latest episodes of LCP's podcasts on all major podcast platforms. Find out more Life at LCP Life at LCP Back Life at LCP Find out more about life at LCP, our people principles and our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion. Learn more Our benefits Our vision & values Inside LCP Our candidate charter Graduates spotlight Diversity, Equity and Inclusion How we embed diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) within our people principles and across the work we do. Discover more LCP's impact report Discover how we're shaping a more positive future. Read more Our stories Get in touch Menu Explore LCP Home Experienced hires Life at LCP Our stories Get in touch Find a role Home Find a role Job vacancy Energy Power Consulting - Summer Internship 2027 Business area Early Careers Location London Job ID 325056 LCP is an award-winning actuarial and analytics consultancy providing advice on energy, insurance, pensions, investments, employee benefits and health. We fuse human expertise with powerful analytics to shape a more positive future for our clients and people. LCP Delta, our energy team, has a mission to enable a better, faster energy transition globally by supporting the energy sector to drive progress to net zero. LCP Delta was formed through the merger of Delta-EE and LCP Energy to bring together expertise across the energy spectrum ranging from how our electricity is generated to how we consume electricity in our homes. We are passionate people using data, primary research insights and modelling across all aspects of energy to provide market leading advice, support and tools through subscription research, consulting, technology and data. We support a range of clients including governments, energy giants and start-ups encompassing policy makers, traders, investors and manufacturers. Your Role: This role sits with our power consultancy team where we focus on projects looking at the future electricity system. This involves using our in-house modelling tools and expertise to provide market leading modelling and analysis for the power sector across GB and European markets. The type of work you can expect to be involved in as a summer student in the role: · Working on an independent project analysing energy market data · Leveraging the expertise of our energy experts to build an understanding of energy markets · Developing an in-depth knowledge of energy markets and policies · Using our in-house modelling software to simulate future scenarios · Reviewing and testing model outputs · Collaborating across teams within LCP Delta What We’re Looking For: · A Level Maths A Grade · Degree educated in a STEM subject (minimum 2:1) or currently working towards a degree in a STEM Subject with a predicted grade of at least 2:1 · Competence in IT skills and data analysis – including Microsoft software such as Excel and PowerPoint. Programming knowledge is not required for the consulting stream in LCP Delta · An interest in the energy transition and an awareness of topical issues · Problem solving, numeracy and analytical skills · Good communication skills Why should you choose LCP? · Vibrant Culture: Join an environment brimming with fun, collaboration, and mutual growth · Gain Experience: Build your knowledge with exposure to real projects and work · Network: Opportunity to learn from experienced professionals and build a network · Future Opportunities: Potential for future career opportunities on our Graduate Programme · A Celebration of Diversity: At LCP, every voice matters. We champion a space where all forms of diversity are celebrated, ensuring everyone feels seen, heard, and valued Take a look at our Career stories to find out why people love working at LCP. You would be joining a multi-award winning, fun, collaborative, people first organisation where your personal and professional skills will be developed to make you the best you can be. Apply Now: Ready to embark on a career where your potential knows no bounds then don’t delay click on the apply now button! Please note: Roles may close as early as Friday 16 October 2026 if we receive a high volume of applications, so apply as soon as you can. Accessibility: LCP is committed to making our opportunities accessible to all. If you would like to talk to someone about any adjustments you may need to assist with your application process, please contact our Early Careers recruitment team by emailing [email protected] to arrange a confidential conversation. Apply now Connect with us Glassdoor YouTube LinkedIn Instagram We fuse human expertise with powerful analytics to shape a more positive future. Legal notices Privacy & cookies Accessibility Modern Slavery Information security All content © copyright 2026 Lane Clark & Peacock LLP. All rights reserved. Jump to top