Wiser Debt Advisory Summer Internship (2027) | Evercore | SmartRecruiters Google Chrome Microsoft Edge Apple Safari Mozilla Firefox Debt Advisory Summer Internship (2027) | Evercore Full-time Type of programme: Intern Company Description Evercore is a premier global independent investment banking advisory firm. We are dedicated to helping our clients achieve superior results through trusted, independent, and innovative advice on matters of strategic significance to boards of directors, management teams, and shareholders – including mergers and acquisitions, shareholder advisory, restructurings, and capital structure. Evercore also assists clients in raising public and private capital, and delivers equity research, equity sales, and agency trading execution, in addition to providing wealth and investment management services to high-net-worth individuals. Our Intern Programme gives students the opportunity to work on industry-shaping transactions with global clients. Founded in 1995, the Firm is headquartered in New York and maintains offices and affiliate offices in major financial centers in North America, Europe, the Middle East, and Asia. Inclusion and Equal Opportunity Employment Evercore is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion. We are pleased to consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, colour, religion or belief, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or any other legally protected status. Job Description Evercore Debt Advisory (DA) is seeking an intellectually curious, ambitious, and articulate analyst to join its London office. As one of the largest and most established debt advisory practices in Europe, the team has advised clients on over $500 billion of financings over the last decade across a wide variety of sectors. The core focus is to support corporate, infrastructure, and real estate clients in raising debt financing to refinance existing debt, fund new projects, and facilitate mergers and acquisitions. As an intern, your role will encompass supporting a range of responsibilities across marketing, origination, and execution. You will be involved in financial modelling and analysis using Excel, especially in relation to financing scenarios, debt sizing, and credit ratios. You will conduct in-depth research into debt markets and capital structures, monitor recent issuances and acquisitions, and support the team with key insights. Interns are expected to prepare presentation materials in PowerPoint to deliver tailored financial advice to both corporate and private equity clients, including the development of information memoranda for lenders and investors. You will take ownership of specific aspects of project execution, which includes preparing materials, managing client updates, building project timetables, coordinating data rooms, KYC, and overseeing legal documentation processes. Additionally, you will assist in negotiations with legal and financing parties and engage in market sounding with prospective lenders and investors. Supporting senior team members, you will also be involved in internal reporting such as pipeline tracking, weekly updates, and preparing ad hoc presentations for team meetings. Interns in this team are closely involved in executing live mandates from the early stages and will gain significant exposure to client-facing work and diverse experience across debt and derivatives products. We are looking for candidates with exceptional interpersonal and communications skills, both written and verbal. Attention to detail and strong quantitative skills are essential. Candidates should have mastery of Excel, Word, PowerPoint, and be able to demonstrate a high degree of initiative, independence, and self-motivation. The role demands the ability to manage a range of responsibilities simultaneously and a fast place. We value individuals who are enthusiastic about the economy, businesses and the capital markets, and who can demonstrate a strong capacity to learn quickly. Summer Internship Programme Our Summer Internship Programme is designed to give driven undergraduates an insight into working life at a top independent advisory firm. As a Summer Intern, you will experience our unique culture, gain invaluable insights into how our firm works, and develop skills and knowledge essential for anyone considering a career in investment banking. As part of the Evercore team, you will participate in finance modelling and quantitative analysis, valuation issues, industry analysis and market research, due diligence, as well as preparation for and attendance at client meetings. Our internship is designed for undergraduates in their penultimate year of study, looking to pursue a career in investment banking. Following one week of technical and industry-based training, you will join our Debt Advisory team and quickly become a much-valued team member providing the vital support required in a dynamic firm and industry. Across the programme, we aim to provide you with regular support and performance feedback to help aid your progression and experience at Evercore. There is also plenty of opportunity to broaden your network through our speaker series sessions, summer firm-wide events and intern socials for you to attend throughout the programme! We have discovered talented, motivated and professional individuals through our previous summer internship programmes and full-time offers will be awarded to top performers. We recruit on a rolling basis so please apply early! Qualifications Who are we looking for: Academic achievement We look for an exceptional academic record coupled with diverse interests. Interest in our industry You need to demonstrate a genuine interest in investment banking, global markets and particularly debt markets. Critical mindset Our Interns need to think critically about a range of strategic issues impacting our clients. An analytical approach We look for quantitative and analytical talents combined with effective communication skills. Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to articulate ideas clearly are essential. Experience with Excel, Word, and PowerPoint is also expected. Passion for people We want to see aptitude for working in diverse teams with demonstrated potential for leadership. A flexible attitude You need to show proven ability to move nimbly between projects, often working on different tasks at the same time. A highly disciplined work ethic, initiative, and a self-starting mindset are key. Eligibility: Graduation Year 2028 All degrees welcome Languages are a bonus By clicking the link above or any third-party link within this posting, you are leaving this site and going to a third-party website where the third-party website's terms and privacy policy apply I'm interested I'm interested Privacy Notice I'm interested Refer a friend share this job Share to WeChat × Copy the link and open WeChat to share. Copy to clipboard Open WeChat Share to WeChat × Use Scan QR Code in WeChat and click ··· to share.