Tax & Law Skip to main content Quick search People & Culture Overview About our firm Being inclusive People profiles Learning and development Reward and recognition Awards IT’s Her Future Black heritage initiatives Apprentice Overview Audit Consulting Corporate Services Technology & Engineering Tax & Law Work Experience Applying to KPMG Parents, carers and teachers Undergraduate Overview Abilities Talent Insight Black Heritage Talent Insight Social Mobility Talent Insight Vacation programmes One Year Business Placement Applying to KPMG Graduate Overview Audit Consulting Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Experienced professional Overview Audit Consulting Corporate Services Deal Advisory Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Contractors Quick search Menu Close Your ambitions can create positive change Tax & Law graduate programmes Home > Graduate > Tax & Law Why Tax & Law at KPMG? Tax impacts our lives and society in more ways than you’d ever imagine. Our Tax experts are doing more than just advising individuals and businesses, they making a meaningful difference to society, by helping to solve some of the biggest challenges facing the UK. The scale and breadth of tax implications is wide-reaching, whilst evolving regulation means that this landscape is becoming increasingly complex. Joining us as a graduate, you’ll have a variety of client contact from day one, the support to grow and the chance to do work that really matters. Our tax services span company-focused areas such as International Tax, Deal Advisory Tax, Transfer Pricing and Indirect Tax as well as people-focused services, including Private Client Advice, Employment Taxes and Global Mobility Services. We’re also helping to digitise the tax system – some of the world’s biggest tech companies choose KPMG’s Tax services, because of our tech solutions. Our specialists work alongside clients to help them understand the intricacies of tax across the globe – from the energy sector, to retailers, banks and high-net worth individuals. They support clients in complying with relevant regulations so they can operate responsibly, sustainably and ethically. Everything we do is aligned with our own Tax Principles which commit us to acting with integrity at all times, giving quality advice, offering objectivity and independence, and ensuring we are fully transparent. We're also home to KPMG Law – a global legal network, which operates in 81 countries and has exciting plans to expand rapidly within the next four years. As a KPMG Law graduate, your focus, curiosity and teamwork will help create success for yourself, and others. You’ll have access to more than 3,000 legal professional colleagues worldwide who bring an entrepreneurial spirit and broad business perspective to the work they do, giving you the support to build your legal knowledge and continue to progress your career in Law. We provide advice on a range of legal matters, but we're always focussed on offering solutions which drive great business outcomes for our clients, enabled by technology and data. By understanding the issues our clients face and drawing upon our legal expertise, as well as knowledge from wider KPMG specialists, you’ll learn how to deliver digitally-driven solutions to help our clients grow and thrive. Wherever you join us in KPMG Law or Tax, y ou'll work on a range of intellectually-challenging projects, be supported to achieve professional qualifications and grow in your own way through structured development opportunities. You’ll have the chance to share ideas and tap into your unique experiences and perspectives, which really belong here. Our firm’s hybrid working model balances the flexibility of working from home with the importance of collaborating and learning in offices or at client sites. We trust our people to be where our clients need them to be, with our client-facing colleagues working together in person as often as needed. You’ll be empowered by the technology that supports us to work flexibly and our collaborative offices spaces, building friendships and shared experiences, innovating and learning together. Bring your unique perspectives, experiences and ambition to our diverse community, and we’ll empower you to learn and progress. You’ll develop your relationship-building and commercial skills, as well as honing your specialist knowledge, giving you a solid grounding in business. We’ll give you the support you need to thrive and make your mark. Search all Tax graduate programmes Explore Tax & Law graduate programmes Programme overview Japan Practice in Tax Tax Global Mobility Services (GMS) Technology Technology Consulting in Tax Software Engineering in Tax Japan Practice in Tax Search and apply Explore this programme As more and more companies operate in global markets, the demand for tax professionals with an international outlook has increased too. KPMG's global network of member firms is at the forefront of meeting this need. With a team of specialists in this area, Japan Practice in Tax focuses on assisting our UK firm's Japanese clients on the issues that could affect their European operations. Combining hands-on client work and professional study, our Japan Practice in Tax programme is designed for ambitious graduates like you; providing the international experience you need to support your professional development and help you make your mark. As well as enjoying access to the same high-quality training and opportunities as our other Tax graduates, you'll concentrate on a number of our firm's Japanese clients that have a major European presence. Based in London, you'll be involved in a broad range of activity, including assisting in the day-to-day running of the Japan Practice client portfolio, operating a compliance programme involving personal tax returns and tax advice services for international assignees, and liaising with other departments and offices in KPMG's global network. On this programme you'll study for the ACA or CA equivalent (Scotland locations), providing you with structured learning through a blend of innovative online, and in person study. You’ll develop valuable technical skills and have the support of our learning community – helping you to fulfil your potential in your career . Tax Search and apply Explore this programme Tax is a high-profile discipline and one which is constantly changing. Think about ever-increasing digitisation, enhanced regulation and the importance of the Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) agenda. At KPMG, we have a full understanding of these developments, allowing us to give timely and accurate advice and information to clients. That way, companies can navigate the complex terrain and stay compliant. We collaborate with organisations of all shapes and sizes – whether that’s to get ahead of complex compliance requirements, drive process and cash efficiencies, or rethink the way their in-house functions operate to drive better value. KPMG’s Tax practice has a wide-ranging remit, which means you could be tackling a variety of challenges at the heart of client organisations. Our specialisms include International, Business and Indirect Taxes, where we support clients on transactions and in managing their domestic and global tax obligations, through to People Taxes. Here, we advise on all aspects of employee reward and compliance for internationally mobile workforces, as well as supporting high-net-worth individuals and entrepreneurial families. Global Mobility Services (GMS) Technology Search and apply Explore this programme People are working internationally in more ways than ever before. Whether employees are relocating overseas, travelling for business or working remotely across borders, organisations need to understand the tax implications and manage increasingly complex regulatory requirements. That's where our team comes in. We combine technology, tax and global mobility expertise to help organisations manage their international workforce. Through digital products and technology solutions, we help businesses track employee movements, stay compliant with tax regulations and provide a better experience for employees working around the world. This is a growing area where technology and AI play a central role. By combining an understanding of both tax and technology, you'll help deliver solutions that support global organisations and their people in a fast-changing world. Technology Consulting in Tax Search and apply Explore this programme Technology is transforming the world of tax. As rules become more complex and organisations work with larger amounts of data, businesses need smarter ways to manage their tax responsibilities and make informed decisions. That's where our Tax Technology team comes in. We combine tax knowledge, technology and data to help organisations solve complex problems and work more efficiently. From using data to uncover insights to developing technology that simplifies processes, our work helps clients make better decisions and stay ahead of change. You'll join a community of more than 300 technologists working across Tax & Legal, helping thousands of clients use technology to tackle real business challenges. Software Engineering in Tax Search and apply Explore this programme Technology is transforming the way tax is managed. Businesses are working with larger volumes of data, responding to changing regulations and looking for smarter ways to solve complex challenges. That's why technology has become an increasingly important part of the tax world. In our Tax Technology & Innovation team, we build the products and platforms that help organisations manage tax more efficiently and make better decisions. From developing new digital tools to improving existing technology, our work helps clients simplify processes, reduce manual effort and access the insights they need. As a Software Engineering in Tax graduate, you'll help create technology that solves real problems for businesses. Working at the intersection of software engineering, data and tax, you'll contribute to products that are used by organisations across the UK and around the world. Connect with us: https://www.facebook.com/KPMGRecruitment/ https://www.instagram.com/kpmgukcareers/ https://www.linkedin.com/company/kpmg-uk/ https://www.youtube.com/@KPMGUKCareers Apprentice Audit Consulting Corporate Services Technology & Engineering Tax & Law Work Experience Applying to KPMG Parents, carers and teachers Undergraduate Abilities Talent Insight Black Heritage Talent Insight Social Mobility Talent Insight Vacation programmes One Year Business Placement Applying to KPMG Graduate Audit Consulting Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Experienced professional Audit Consulting Corporate Services Deal Advisory Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Quick Links FAQ Search and apply Contact us People profiles Legal Privacy Accessibility Cookies Modern Slavery Act Visit kpmg.co.uk Cookie Settings © 2026 KPMG LLP, a UK limited liability partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organisation of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved. For more detail about the structure of the KPMG global organisation please visit home.kpmg/governance. Back to top ;