Application guide | Students and graduates | Careers | HSBC Skip to: Skip to Primary navigation Skip to Main content Skip to Footer Menu Who we are Skip to Investors Who we are Founded in 1865, HSBC is one of the world’s largest banking and financial services organisations. Go to this section Main menu Who we are HSBC at a glance Our strategy and values Main menu Who we are Our strategy and values Overview Our strategy Our values Our history Our conduct Our culture Our people Main menu Who we are Our people Introduction Board of directors Senior management Inclusion at HSBC Our customers Our markets HSBC and Digital Main menu Who we are HSBC and Digital Overview HSBC and AI HSBC and Digital Accessibility HSBC and Digital Assets and Currencies HSBC and Quantum HSBC Patents and Research Papers HSBC and Trade HSBC and Wealth HSBC and Sustainability Main menu Who we are HSBC and Sustainability Overview Our Net Zero Transition Plan Supporting our customers Climate Solutions Partnership Sustainability FAQs ESG and responsible business Main menu Who we are ESG and responsible business Introduction ESG reporting centre Governance Tax transparency Fighting financial crime Health and safety Managing risk Working with suppliers Modern Slavery Act OUR STRATEGY AND VALUES Opening up a world of opportunity Close Navigation Investors Skip to News and views Investors Find information about our performance, dividends, and investor events. Go to this section Main menu Investors Investing in HSBC Main menu Investors Investing in HSBC Overview Our investment case Group structure Consensus, buyback updates, and analyst coverage Financial calendar HSBC shareholder updates Results and announcements Main menu Investors Results and announcements Overview All reporting Stock exchange announcements Annual Report Investor events and presentations Shareholder and dividend information Main menu Investors Shareholder and dividend information Overview Manage your shareholding Dividend information and timetable Dividend calculator Scrip dividend AGM and shareholder meetings Share analytics Total share return Investor FAQs HSBC completes privatisation of Hang Seng Bank 滙豐完成恒生銀行私有化 Fixed income investors Main menu Investors Fixed income investors Overview Final terms and supplements Issuance programmes Covered bonds Green Financing Framework Regulatory debt main features Credit ratings Investor alerts Investor contacts Investor information in Chinese - 投資者中文資訊 (opens in new window) OUR INVESTMENT CASE How we deliver long-term value for shareholders Close Navigation News and views Skip to Careers News and views Find the latest news, media releases, opinions, reports, images and videos from HSBC. Go to this section Main menu News and views News Main menu News and views News Latest news Media releases HSBC news archive Views Main menu News and views Views Latest views All topics Trends Media contacts Image library Our brand in action Main menu News and views Our brand in action Overview Sports and arts partnerships We’re there Corners Pivot Turning Point Exchange Seizing Uncertainty MEDIA CONTACTS How journalists can get in touch Close Navigation Careers Skip to Online banking Careers Endless possibilities, diverse outlooks. Build your career at HSBC. Go to this section Main menu Careers Students and graduates Main menu Careers Students and graduates Overview University students and graduates Schools and apprenticeships Events Application guide FAQs Find a programme Life at HSBC Main menu Careers Life at HSBC Overview Meet our people Career development Welcoming diversity Pay and benefits Alumni Our business areas and teams Main menu Careers Our business areas and teams Overview Corporate and Institutional Banking International Wealth and Premier Banking Group Infrastructure Find a job Where we hire Main menu Careers Where we hire Overview Key hiring areas Careers in India Application hints and tips Careers contacts Careers FAQs STUDENTS AND GRADUATES Launch your career, shape your future Close Navigation Online banking Contact Online banking Contact Search Online banking Banking type Toggle dropdown Go Remember me Go You are leaving HSBC.com. Please be aware that the external site policies, or those of another HSBC Group website, may differ from our website terms and conditions and privacy policy. The next site will open in a new browser window. Note: HSBC is not responsible for any content on third party sites, nor does a link suggest endorsement of those sites and/or their content. Learn about online security Close Close online banking panel Search (auto-suggestions will appear below field) Clear text Submit search See all results No results found. Please try a different search term. Close Close search panel Home Careers Students and graduates Application guide Application guide Our application process enables you to show us your behavioural and cognitive skills, so we can ensure you’re a good match for the programme you’ve applied for – and set you up for success. What to expect Three-step process: 10-15 mins: Online application form 90 mins: Online assessment 3 hours: Assessment centre (Super Days in the US) For insight and work experience programmes, stage three is usually an online interview. You’ll meet our people and simulate the work you’d be doing, so you can be confident we’re the right choice for you. We’re there for you every step of the way with online support, practice assessments, feedback and adjustments. Get assessment ready with our Practice Zone. Register now (opens in new window) Step by step application guide Step 1 Step 2 Step 3 1 Apply Answer simple eligibility questions and potentially provide a copy of your CV. 2 Advise of adjustments Tell us about any adjustments you may require during the application process. 3 Access support Join our Candidate Zone which will guide you through the application process. 4 Be prepared Use our Practice Zone (opens in new window) to familiarise yourself with the assessments. 5 Show your skills Complete work-based assessments to display your cognitive and behavioural skills. 6 Continue your development Use the feedback email to know where you excelled and where to improve. 7 Get ready Reflect on why you applied, the activities you’re good at and prepare questions to ask. 8 Show your skills Complete exercises to further demonstrate your skills and interest in the area you’ve applied to. 9 Meet the team Answer questions from the team you’ll be working with and ask your own. Adjustments and support We want you to perform at your best. If you’re neurodiverse, or have a disability or long-term health condition that may affect your ability to show us your full potential at any stage in the process, let us know on your application form. If you have queries before you apply, contact your local recruitment team . Assessments and accessibility What our assessments may involve: Different question types and formats, including audio or video content, mock emails, data tables and graphs, or written articles Time-recorded assessments or time-limited video responses How we make them accessible: Our assessments have been tested for use with commonly used screen-readers and assistive software Closed captions and transcripts are included for all video and audio content You can zoom in or out of content on screen There is a minimum font size of 16px for all text content You can navigate all assessments using only a keyboard There is clear labelling of all charts and graphs with no need to distinguish between colours Use our Skills Matcher tool to find the right role for you Match your skills (opens in new window) Frequently asked questions View all FAQs View all FAQs Eligibility Application process I’m not sure which programme to apply to? If you’re applying to one of our internship or graduate programmes, our Skills Matcher (opens in new window) can identify the programmes that best suit your skills and work preferences. It takes just five minutes to complete. In general, we’re interested in your behavioural and cognitive skills, not what you studied. In instances where we do require a specific academic background, this is included on the detailed programme description, which is available on the website when we open applications. What are the minimum academic requirements? Academic requirements vary depending on the programme and location you’re interested in. They’re listed on the detailed programme descriptions that you’ll find in the apply section of the website when applications open. I have applied before. Can I re-apply? If you applied in a previous recruitment cycle and year, then yes, you can apply again. For the best chance of success, consider why you may not have been successful previously so you can work on any skills or development gaps. Can I defer my entry for a year? We don’t encourage deferred entry for our programmes but will consider individual requests on a case-by-case basis. One thing to be aware of is that deferred offers are not guaranteed as they’ll always depend on future hiring needs. Do you sponsor visa applications? Our ability to sponsor visas is dependent on country legal requirements and business need. Any instances where we are open to receiving applications from students who will require visa sponsorship will be stated in the eligibility criteria on the detailed programme description. This is viewable at the point of application. If you need a visa for your role and we can offer sponsorship, we’ll be able to provide guidance and support during your application, but can’t advise you of your work eligibility status. Any offer of employment will be subject to you gaining immigration approval before your start date and could be impacted by any legal changes affecting visa sponsorship in the location in which you have applied to work. How do I contact HSBC if I have a question about my eligibility? You can contact your local recruitment team who will be happy to answer any questions you may have. How can I learn more about HSBC and prepare for my application? In addition to the information on our website, you could join one of our events where you can speak to our recruiters, graduates and apprentices to learn about opportunities and the assessment and selection process. We also recommend that you make use of our Candidate Zone (opens in new window) to you know what to expect from our assessments. Can I apply for more than one programme? Sadly not, but we have lots of support to help you decide which programme to apply to. If you’re applying to one of our internship or graduate programmes, our Skills Matcher (opens in new window) can identify the programmes that best suit your skills and work preferences. It takes just five minutes to complete. We also encourage you to attend our careers events , where you can meet colleagues from across the bank and learn more about what they do. I can’t find the programme I want to apply to. Once a programme is open for applications you will find it listed on the Find a programme page . Application opening dates vary for different programmes and markets. To be emailed when programmes open, join our Talent Community (opens in new window) . We don’t offer all programmes in all markets and in several locations our graduate programme places are filled via our internships. In locations where internships are available, they are the best route to securing a graduate opportunity. How will I know when I can apply for a programme? Applications open for different programmes at different times. The best way to know when we open applications is to join our Talent Community (opens in new window) . You will receive a monthly email which will advise you which programmes we are actively recruiting for. When should I apply? Applications open for different programmes at different times. Join our Talent Community (opens in new window) and we’ll email you to let you know when applications open. We encourage you to apply as soon as you can, as we review applications on a rolling basis and may close a programme early if all vacancies are filled. What information do I need to provide on my application form? The application form takes around 10 minutes to complete. You may need to provide your CV or transcripts but there are no long written questions to complete – we just need to know the basics about you to check you’re eligible for the programme you’ve applied to. You’ll also be asked a few questions to help us report on and monitor equal opportunities in line with local requirements. These won’t be used to make hiring decisions, and you can choose not to share this information if you prefer. Will I be interviewed in-person or virtually? Our assessment process is mostly virtual, but final-stage interviews/assessment centres may happen in-person. This will be highlighted on the detailed programme description at the point of application. What technical equipment do I need? You can submit your application form via a mobile, tablet or desktop device. We recommend you use a laptop or tablet with strong internet access to complete your online assessments. This is because you’ll need to review different information sources. To complete a video interview, you’ll need a laptop or tablet with a webcam. Our platform will help you do a system check to make sure your video and sound quality is good before you start the video interview questions. What do the online assessments involve? Depending on which market and programme you’re applying to, there’ll be one or two stages. Our online assessments are designed to give you the opportunity to see what it’s like working at HSBC and through real-life scenarios, assess how your skills align with the role you’ve applied for. You’ll need to respond to questions in different formats that could include audio or visual content, including graphs or data tables, similar to what you might see if you were working at HSBC. You’ll also need to provide some short written and video responses so we can get to know you better. Each assessment will take around 40 minutes to complete. What happens at an assessment centre? These are mostly virtual but sometimes will be run in-person at one of our offices. You’ll meet HSBC employees and complete different interviews and exercises to showcase your skills. We suggest that do your research about HSBC and your chosen programme so you can clearly explain why you are interested in joining. The assessment centre usually runs for three hours and there are plenty of breaks. Where will the final stage assessments and interviews be held if I’m based outside of the county or territory that I applied to? In most cases you’ll be assessed virtually by senior business representatives at the office you applied to. If you need to attend an assessment centre in person, we’ll work with you to arrange everything in good time and in line with our travel reimbursement policy. How quickly will I hear back once I have applied? We’ll let you know the outcome of your online assessment within a couple of days. Due to the volume of applications we receive, creating an interview shortlist can take a couple of weeks or longer. Whatever the outcome, your recruiter will aim to update you as soon as possible, and you’ll always receive a final decision, along with developmental feedback, from us via email at each stage of the process. If I need to attend an interview in person, how long will it take for my travel expenses to be reimbursed? Reimbursement for travel will depend on the location you are applying in. Please contact your local recruitment team for details. How do I contact HSBC if I have a question about my application? You can contact your local recruitment team who will be happy to answer any questions you may have. Share Email a link to this page Share on X Open in new window Share on LinkedIn Open in new window Share on Facebook Open in new window Share on Facebook Messenger Open in new window Share on WhatsApp Open in new window Share Share Email Email a link to this page X Share on X Open in new window LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Open in new window Facebook Share on Facebook Open in new window Facebook Messenger Share on Facebook Messenger Open in new window Whatsapp Share on WhatsApp Open in new window Print Print this page RSS Subscribe to RSS Did you find this page useful? Yes No Why didn't you find this page useful? Boring Poorly written Off-topic Lacks detail Too complex Other Thank you. We appreciate you taking the time to give us feedback. Expand download basket Download basket Download all Open Open basket Close Close basket Download all Remove all Who we are Investors News and views Careers Visit Linkedin (opens in new window) Visit Instagram (opens in new window) Visit Facebook (opens in new window) Visit Youtube (opens in new window) © HSBC Group 2026 Terms and conditions Privacy notice Cookie notice Website accessibility Online security Sitemap Stopping modern slavery ICP 15029387-2 (Chinese only) Shanghai Administration for Industry & Commerce Shanghai Municipal Public Security record No. 31011502400282