Skip to main contentBy using this website (collectively with any content, functionality, or services offered on or through this website, the "Website") you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with this Cookies Policy. You may have seen a pop-up to this effect on your first visit to the Website; although it may not appear on subsequent visits, you may withdraw your consent at any time by following the instructions belowDeclineAccept CookiesEarly CareersSign InHomeSearch for Jobs2027 Summer Financial Analyst – Capital Solutions, London page is loaded2027 Summer Financial Analyst – Capital Solutions, LondonApplylocationsLondon, UKtime typeFull timeposted onPosted 14 Days Agojob requisition idR3517Business Unit:Capital SolutionsIndustry:General OverviewHoulihan Lokey, Inc. (NYSE:HLI) is a leading global investment bank recognized for delivering independent strategic and financial advice to corporations, financial sponsors, and governments. With uniquely deep industry expertise, broad international reach, and a partnership approach rooted in trust, the firm provides innovative, integrated solutions across mergers and acquisitions, capital solutions, financial restructuring, and financial and valuation advisory. Our unmatched transaction volumes provide differentiated, data-driven perspectives that help our clients achieve their most critical goals. To learn more about Houlihan Lokey, please visit HL.com. Capital SolutionsHoulihan Lokey’s Capital Solutions Group was named World’s Best and Europe’s Best for Capital Markets Advisory at the Euromoney Awards for Excellence 2026. The group comprises more than 235 professionals globally and offers clients a broad range of tailored financing alternatives and strategic financial advice. Our team has raised ~$37bn across over 140 transactions in the last twelve months*and has a presence in 18 offices and 8 countries globally. With deep expertise in both private and public markets, we are committed to delivering innovative, value-enhancing solutions that support long-term success for our clients. The RoleAs a Summer Financial Analyst in our Capital Solutions Group, you will have the opportunity to take on substantial responsibilities across a variety of live deal engagements within a collegial, entrepreneurial environment. If you are applying to this program, you will be asked to select team preferences during the application stage from the following teams:Debt AdvisoryOur Debt Advisory team is the leading financing advisor in Europe and one of the largest at a non-balance sheet bank, having completed over 100 transactions in the last two years. The group advises corporate and sponsor-backed clients on bespoke capital solutions, arranging everything from bilateral bank facilities to publicly rated large-cap debt. Our expertise spans acquisition financings, refinancings, recapitalisations, and special situations/liability management exercises. Beyond helping clients raise senior debt (bank/unitranche), we have significant expertise across junior, hybrid, and structured capital, depending on the situation and our clients' objectives. You’ll contribute directly to live mandates as part of core deal teams, while also supporting origination and marketing efforts and learning from our full-time Financial Analysts and seniorprofessionals.Equity Private PlacementsOur Equity Placements team specializes in delivering bespoke capital solutions to help founders, sponsors, and management teams scale growth, unlock shareholder liquidity, or retain control of their business, without compromising long-term upside. You’ll work alongside experienced professionals dedicated to providing innovative capital solutions for businesses in need of strategic growth funding. You’ll support the team in the execution of transactions, raising capital across various equity and equity-linked financing types, applicable across diverse situations including growth capital, direct minority secondary share sale, acquisition financing and recapitalizations for high-growth companies.Directs & SecondariesOur Directs & Secondaries team, part of Equity Capital Solutions, advises sponsors and institutional investors across private equity, credit and infrastructure, navigating the fast-growing secondaries and co-investment markets. You’ll work on broad range of deals, including GP-led secondaries i.e. single- and multi-asset continuation vehicles and co-investment / direct transactions, i.e. common equity raises enabling both funded and independent sponsors to finance single-asset acquisitions. Working alongside our industry coverage, M&A and wider Capital Solutions teams, you’ll gain hands-on experience from initial pitch through to closing, whilst developing valuation and corporate finance skills core to private capital and sell-side advisory.Primary Capital AdvisoryOur Primary Capital Advisory (“PCA”) is an established but growing player in the private equity fund placement and advisory space. This group brings a proven track record of success, built over multiple decades of advising expanding GPs through successive fundraising cycles. You'll help produce core fund marketing documentation (investor presentations, due diligence questionnaires) and bespoke analyses, support fundraising process management and investor tracking, assist with origination and pitch materials, and help maintain and develop the team's CRM.Requirements Must be in your penultimate year of study at a highly regarded university, scheduled to complete your final university assessments in Spring or Summer 2028.A strong fundamental understanding of accounting, corporate finance, and valuation methodologies.Strong quantitative and analytical skills with a focus on accuracy and attention to detail.Excellent verbal and written communication skillsAbility to multitask and coordinate a variety of different projects with an organized approachSome prior experience/ knowledge of Equity/Debt Capital Markets, or the broader Private Equity industry (desirable)A high-level understanding of valuation methodologies and financial modelling (e.g. LBO or DCF models) (desirable) Most importantly, we seek to attract dedicated, team-oriented candidates with a deep desire to win, a strong work ethic, and a willingness to work hard to achieve the highest standards of performance. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. #LI-115419About UsHoulihan Lokey, Inc. (NYSE:HLI) is a leading global investment bank recognized for delivering independent strategic and financial advice to corporations, financial sponsors, and governments. With uniquely deep industry expertise, broad international reach, and a partnership approach rooted in trust, the firm provides innovative, integrated solutions across mergers and acquisitions, capital solutions, financial restructuring, and financial and valuation advisory. Our unmatched transaction volumes provide differentiated, data-driven perspectives that help our clients achieve their most critical goals. To learn more about Houlihan Lokey, please visit HL.com.Read MoreFollow UsPrivacy Policy© 2026 Workday, Inc. All rights reserved.