Education | Oliver Wyman Skip to main content We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand Learn More search Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search Highlights Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search search Highlights menu close Education // . // Industries // Education What We Do What We Think Breakthroughs Solutions Who We Are What We Do We help market-leading education companies drive innovation in a sector that is unique and continuously evolving. From enhancing strategic development to achieving operational excellence, we combine in-depth knowledge of the educational sector with proven best practices and the latest data-driven tools to help clients meet their greatest challenges. Our team of experts brings a unique set of strategic and analytical abilities to solve the most intricate problems across the education lifecycle, from pre-K and K-12, to higher ed and professional certification, and on through lifelong learning. We advise private equity firms and their education portfolio companies, as well as corporates, and work with the educational institutions themselves and the software and service companies selling to them. Our expertise PRE-KINDERGARTEN AND NURSERY SCHOOLS We help education policymakers and delivery institutions build resilience into their education systems. K-12 We help primary and secondary educational institutions and the vendors that support them to succeed. HIGHER EDUCATION We advise clients on challenging factors, including slowing enrollments, increasing price sensitivity, reduced state funding, their necessarily fixed-cost base, and the trend toward online learning. PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATION We support clients on a range of professional certification programs, including aviation services and maintenance. CORPORATE TRAINING We offer strategic advice to senior management, boards of directors, and private equity investors in corporate training and lifelong learning. HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT We advise employers on a range of human capital issues, including talent recruiting strategies, working with intermediaries to solve the skills gap, and on developing talent internally. What We Think Load More We are sorry, we could not find any results. Please refine your search and try again. Who We Are Load More We are sorry, we could not find any results. Please refine your search and try again. Footer XF Risk and insurance Reinsurance and capital People and investments Management consulting We're a global professional service firm bringing together capabilities across risk, reinsurance and capital, people and investments, and management consulting — building the confidence to thrive through the power of perspective. Terms Of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Statement On Accessibility Manage Cookies © 2026 Oliver Wyman, LLC. All Rights Reserved.