2027 Macquarie Capital Summer Internship Programme - - 23632 - Macquarie Group Skip to content Macquarie Group Home Page Main menu. Press enter or space keys to expands and escape key to collapse Login Where will a career at Macquarie take you? Find out more Jobs Featured jobs Back to search 2027 Macquarie Capital Summer Internship Programme Additional office locations London Job ID 23632 Date 01-Sep-2026 Fixed term, Entry level Job category Corporate Finance / M&A Apply now Share Email Our Macquarie Capital team provides advisory and capital raising services to corporate and government clients involved in public mergers and acquisitions, debt and equity fund raising and corporate restructuring. It also undertakes in principal investing activities globally to support its client activities. We are a global financial services group operating in 30 markets with 57 years of unbroken profitability. At Macquarie, you’re empowered to shape a career that is fulfilling and creates value. You will bring your insights and expertise to the task at hand and feel supported as you make your own kind of impact for a better future. What role will you play? Press space or enter keys to toggle section visibility As a Summer Intern with Macquarie Capital, you'll gain exposure to how businesses, investors and governments access advice, capital and strategic opportunities to achieve their goals. Macquarie Capital partners with businesses, startups and governments to connect ideas to capital and help drive innovation, growth and real-world impact. As a global adviser, investor and developer, our teams bring together strategic advice, flexible capital solutions and deep sector expertise to help clients navigate complexity, unlock opportunities and create long-term value. You'll be working in collaborative teams that value camaraderie, respect and shared success. Depending on your individual role, you could be: contributing to client projects across a range of sectors, whether placed as a generalist supporting technology, software, services and consumer clients, or placed as a specialist in areas such as infrastructure or financial institutions building financial analysis, valuation and financial modelling skills drafting client presentations and pitch materials that turn ideas into opportunities supporting strategic M&A advisory, capital raising and live transaction activities tracking market news, share price movements, sector trends and transaction updates Your nine-week programme will start with a tailored induction week providing you with the skills and knowledge we think you need to be successful. As part of this programme, you’ll : have the opportunity to gain insight into the financial services industry and build the technical skills and knowledge that will help you discover more for your career gain valuable experience and insight into your chosen business area, working closely with your team work side-by-side with business leaders and have the chance to collaborate on live projects and transactions from day one get on-the-job experience and hands-on training to help set you up for a successful career once you complete your studies. What you offer Press space or enter keys to toggle section visibility Y ou have a unique perspective. We want to hear it. We welcome applications from students in the penultimate year of an undergraduate or master’s degree, or from students in the final year of an undergraduate degree who plan to continue to a master’s degree and graduate in January to July 2028. You are studying a discipline such as finance, economics, management, engineering, mathematics or another analytical field . You are organi s ed and adaptable, with the ability to manage competing priorities and deliver high-quality work in a demanding and dynamic environment. You are commercially curious, with an interest in financial services, businesses and markets, and you are motivated to understand how companies, sectors and transactions create value. For some opportunities, we will also look for a demonstrated interest in areas such as infrastructure or financial institutions. You can demonstrate initiative and positively contribute to a team, whether through your studies, employment, extracurricular activities or other experiences. You are a critical thinker who can articulate your thoughts and ideas clearly, build strong working relationships and collaborate effectively. You have strong attention to detail and are comfortable working with numerical information. Some experience using Excel would be helpful, although training will be provided. We love hearing from anyone inspired to build a better future with us, if you're excited about the role or working at Macquarie we encourage you to apply. Inclusion at Macquarie Press space or enter keys to toggle section visibility We are committed to providing an inclusive environment for all, where different experiences, skills and perspectives are valued and respected. Macquarie provides access to opportunities for all individuals regardless of their identity, including age, disability, neurodiversity, gender (including gender identity or expression), sexual orientation, marriage or civil partnership, pregnancy, parental status, race (including ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, or socio-economic background. We provide reasonable adjustments to individuals who may need support during the recruitment process and employment. If you require an adjustment, please let us know during the application process. Learn more about Macquarie Our people blog Our inclusive workplace Benefits and wellbeing Recruitment process Follow us Follow us Contact © Macquarie Group Limited Important information Careers privacy policy Disclosures Privacy and cookies Manage cookie settings