Risk and Credit Risk Summer Internship Job in London | GRB Skip to content Job search Close Job search Open Job search Search jobs Graduate jobs Placements Internships Student jobs Search all jobs Graduate jobs Courses in demand Computer Science Maths and Stats Physics Business Economics All courses Top industries Software & IT Analytical Consultancy Sales All industries Job seekers Close Job seekers Open Job seekers Search jobs Graduate jobs Internships Placements Student jobs Apprenticeships Experienced jobs Search all jobs Graduate jobs Popular guides CV guide and templates Interview questions When to apply Cover letters Graduate internships Free mentoring Talent profile Register free Profile login Trending content Article Hub Career Advice Featured Employers Industry Profiles Recruiters Close Recruiters Open Recruiters Employer Services Recruitment Consultancy Recruitment Process Outsourcing Recruitment Advertising Diversity, Equality and Inclusion Speak to the team +44 1273 325775 [email protected] Employer services Testimonials Trending Resources Diversity in the workplace Effective interviewing Employer branding Marketing to students Search all resources About us Close About us Open About us About us Learn about GRB, our history and how we can help you. Testimonials Read our 5-star testimonials from our job seeker community. Contact us Get in touch with the team, we would love to hear from you. Join our team Learn about what it's like to work at GRB and apply for our jobs! Help & FAQ Get help and search for answers to common questions. Policies and terms Review our collection of legal policies and terms. Hire talent Learn how GRB can support you and your hiring goals. Get in touch Instagram Tiktok Linkedin X-twitter Youtube Facebook Join now Mizuho Banking Risk and Credit Risk Summer Internship Home » Internships » Risk and Credit Risk Summer Internship Employer profile Updated: September 1, 2026 Back to job search Internship Banking , Finance , Investment Banking London £Competitive Risk and Credit Risk Summer Internship Mizuho is not your typical financial institution. We offer a fantastic opportunity to gain experience within a global financial institution, working on real projects whilst developing a strong professional network within a company that prides itself on its inclusive, cooperative and friendly culture. We offer the best of both worlds – the feeling of a close-knit work environment within a global organisation. Our steady growth in EMEA gives our people at all levels rewarding degrees of responsibility and a richer work experience than a small firm or an established giant could offer alone. The Risk Management Department at Mizuho plays a critical role in assessing and managing the risks taken across the organisation’s trading and origination activities. What will I be doing? Within this summer internship you’ll be placed within either the Risk Management Department or the Europe Credit Department. The Risk Management Department at Mizuho is responsible for delivering an independent assessment of the risks taken across all the trading and origination activities of the Company, and the revenue generated in relation to these risks. It’s also responsible for implementing a risk management framework consistent with the Company’s risk appetite and capacity of resources. As well as this, the Europe Credit Department (ECD) is responsible for maintaining and monitoring the quality of the loan book across Europe, the Middle East, and Africa, in line with Bank policies and procedures. This includes approving lending facilities, reviewing and monitoring the loan portfolio, disseminating credit policies, and serving as a reference for all credit-related matters. Within both departments, you will receive focused training within a supportive team environment, gaining exposure to real deals. You’ll learn about various aspects of credit risk, different disciplines of Risk and how different teams operate. What can we offer you? Real-World Experience: Work on real business activities and gain first-hand experience within a global investment bank. Personalised Guidance & Mentorship: One-on-one guidance from experienced market professionals. Comprehensive Training: Technical training and tailored soft skills sessions designed to help you thrive in a professional environment. Buddy System: A directed peer mentor to support you throughout your internship Career Progression: A direct route to our graduate programme Highly competitive salary, in line with salaries offered by other London Corporate Investment Banks. What are we looking for? You should: Be in your penultimate year of study, with an expected graduation in 2028 (please ensure this is clearly stated on your CV and updated on your GRB profile). Available to complete the 10-week internship starting in June 2027. Be available for full-time employment from September 2028. Have a genuine interest in financial services and risk. Be highly numerate, with strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Unfortunately, sponsorship cannot be offered for this role. Applicants must have the permanent right to work in the UK. We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to supporting equality and diversity and seek to create a workplace that is fully inclusive. What’s the Application Process? Apply with your CV – no cover letter required, but please ensure your CV is tailored to this internship and that your graduation year is correct on both your CV and GRB profile. Online assessment & video interview – a chance to share your motivations, skills and personality. Assessment Centre (London) – meet our team, experience our culture and see why Mizuho is the right place for you. Applications may close early, so please apply as soon as possible. If you are having any issues with your application please email [email protected] . Apply now Holly Dowd View all my jobs > Share this: LinkedIn WhatsApp Facebook X Email Holly Dowd View all my jobs > Apply now Job details Job ID: 37883 Type: Internship Company: Mizuho Banking Locations: London Salary: £Competitive Industries: Banking , Finance , Investment Banking Courses: Accountancy , Business , Chemistry , Data Science , Economics , Environmental and Earth Sciences , Finance , IT , Maths and Stats , Mechanical Engineering , Physics , Social Sciences Grade: 2:1 Updated: September 1, 2026 Closing: October 5, 2026 Starting: June 1, 2027 Relevant industry profiles Banking Finance Investment Banking Interview advice Graduate Banking Interview Questions Graduate Finance Interview Questions Graduate Investment Banking Interview Questions Related jobs By industry: The GRB Team Graduate International Tax Trainee North London £32,000 The GRB Team Graduate Trainee Accountant (ACA or ACCA) Porthmadog £25,000 Rathbones Group Graduate Wealth Manager Programme Liverpool £35,000 Rathbones Group Graduate Wealth Manager Programme London £40,000 By course: The GRB Team Graduate International Tax Trainee North London £32,000 The GRB Team Graduate Trainee Accountant (ACA or ACCA) Porthmadog £25,000 Renishaw Apprenticeships – Register Interest Wotton-under-Edge £Competitive Renishaw Apprenticeships – Register Interest Miskin £Competitive Relevant industry profiles Banking Finance Investment Banking Interview advice Graduate Banking Interview Questions Graduate Finance Interview Questions Graduate Investment Banking Interview Questions Register your free account now to see your matching jobs. Register Login GRB (Graduate Recruitment Bureau) are part of The GRB Group – an award winning, multi-service early talent solutions recruitment partner. Instagram Tiktok Linkedin X-twitter Youtube Facebook Back to top Sitemap Home Job search Career advice Article hub Featured employers Employer services About us Contact us Legal Privacy policy Data protection Terms & conditions Cookie policy All policies & terms © 2026 Graduate Recruitment Bureau Register Login Job search Graduate jobs Placements Internships Student jobs Apprenticeships Experienced jobs Jobs by course Jobs by industry Search all jobs Job seekers Career advice Featured employers Industry profiles Article hub Free mentoring Recruiters Employer Services Recruitment Consultancy Recruitment Process Outsourcing Recruitment Advertising Diversity, Equality and Inclusion Recruiter Resources About us About us Testimonials Help & FAQ Join our team Contact us Policies and terms +44 1273 325775 [email protected] Instagram Tiktok Linkedin X-twitter Youtube Facebook Apply for this job