Business Analyst Cash & Liquidity Management @ING Hubs Romania at ING Skip to main content Menu Jobs for you About ING Working at ING Diversity, Inclusion & Belonging Expertise & Teams Early careers Locations Events Close Close Saved Jobs Find your job and make it yours Keyword Search City, State, or ZIP Use Location Find your job Close Close English English English Nederlands Dutch Deutsch German Français French Español Spanish Italiano Italian Română Romanian Polski Polish Business Analyst Cash & Liquidity Management @ING Hubs Romania REQ-10116343 09/06/2026 Customer Journey Bucharest, Romania ING Hubs Apply now Save for Later Discover ING Hubs Romania ING Hubs Romania offers 130 services in software development, data management, non-financial risk & compliance, audit, and retail operations to 24 ING units worldwide, with the help of over 2000 high-performing engineers, risk, and operations professionals. We started out in 2015 as ING’s software development hub, then steadily expanded our range to include more services and competencies. Now we provide borderless services with bank-wide capabilities and operate from two locations: Bucharest and Cluj-Napoca . Our tech capabilities remain the core of our business , with more than 1800 colleagues active in Data and Analytics Tech, Tech Foundation and Channels, Retail Core Banking and Architecture, and Global Products and Technology Services. We enjoy a flexible way of working and a highly collaborative environment, where fair and constructive feedback is encouraged. For us, impact isn't a perk. It's the driver of our work. We are guided and rewarded by a shared desire to make the world a better place, one innovative solution at a time. Our colleagues make it their job to do impactful things and they love doing it in good company. Do you? The Mission Payment & Settlement Services (PSS) is a professional service provider designing, building and operating high quality and efficient payment, settlement and open banking services. We leverage our scalable payments target stack and the exper t ise of our people, to deliver these services. PSS owns the generic part of the payments value chain from a Tech, Business and Operations perspective, while the business lines own the segment- and country-specific parts. This allows us to focus on delivering efficient payment and settlement services, while business lines focus on a differentiating customer experience—supported by PSS services and aligned with the broader commoditization trend in payments. Within Group Treasury’s Cash & Liquidity Management (CLM) space, our systems run multiple projects to deliver a unified liquidity view for stakeholders. These initiatives span several phases: streamlining internal applications and flows, and building new components and services to standardize end-to-end processing toward the strategic cash and liquidity target solution. We are currently developing the Cash & Liquidity Unite Engine (CLUE) alongside other components under the CALM (Cash and Liquidity Management) umbrella. Our current focus is to onboard as many cash-flow systems as possible and deliver a highly available (three nines), highly scalable, resilient solution capable of processing millions of messages. We have the following applications in our portfolio: Smart Predict is a liquidity and cash ‑ flow forecasting system used in ING to predict future cash positions in real time for Treasury, Front Office, and Liquidity Operations. CALM umbrella is an integration and orchestration layer sitting on top of SMART, designed to protect SMART’s performance and enable scalable liquidity processing. Its role is to manage high ‑ volume liquidity data and prepare it so that SMART can continue to produce reliable liquidity positions without overload. CLUE: main engine. CALM _ REFERENCE _CHECK. CALM _API_HANDLER. CALM _REPLAYER. CALM_TEST_TOOL. CALM_SIMULATOR. Various testing suites. And others like message simulators, reference checks, Prometheus component and libraries. Your day to day Whether you start your day from the comfort of your home or grab your morning coffee in our office garden, your responsibilities will be equally varied and impactful. Here’s what you’ll do day to day: In this role, you’ll be the key bridge between business and technology—translating business needs into clear, actionable deliverables for squads, and turning technical options into decisions stakeholders can confidently make. Manage multiple Cash & Liquidity projects by aligning all impacted squads (within CLM and beyond), clarifying scope, and ensuring CLM goals are delivered within agreed timelines. Gather, validate, and manage stakeholders’ functional and non-functional requirements, ensuring they are met through project delivery and day-to-day service management (e.g., security, resilience, performance, contractual, legal, and compliance obligations). Maximize business value across assigned initiatives by helping ensure the right priorities are reflected in the squads’ backlogs (supporting Product Managers with sprint prioritization when needed). Stay actively involved in reviewing work in progress across squads, helping maintain momentum and removing risks early. Support squads in removing impediments by bringing together the right experts, facilitating alignment with developers, and ensuring proposed solutions are feasible for stakeholders. Build and maintain strong relationships with key stakeholders (Risk, Legal, Compliance, Audit, service consumers, service providers, Finance, Tax, Sales). Build strong, trusted relationships with the customer (Group Treasury) on a global scale. Act as the main point of contact for the customer on day-to-day service performance, aligning on opportunities for continuous improvement. Organize, prepare, and run quarterly service review meetings with global clients. Establish strong ways of working and effective collaboration with related development and operations teams. What you’ll bring to the team Experience in International Payments and the overall SW I FT network . Understanding MX messaging for cross border payments and market infrastructures is a plus. Excellent at bridging business and tech: you can translate complex stakeholder needs into crisp requirements/user stories, and communicate solution trade-offs in plain language. Drive to understand technical development in CLM in line with the ING architecture and business needs. Understanding basic databases and how various messaging formats work is a plus. You are pro-active and have a natural drive to act and deliver results on time. Take initiative, work accurately and in a structured and disciplined manner, have patience and resilience to handle setbacks. Have a sharp eye for details, while not losing the overall picture. Experience in guiding on and offshore teams. Excellent in English. If you want to deep dive into the processing of personal data conducted by ING Hubs Romania during the recruitment process and your rights related to it, read the privacy notices on our website (make sure to scroll until you reach the Data Protection section/ Candidates tab). Apply now Save for Later Share this job LinkedIn Email X Your place of work Explore the area Questions? Just ask ING Recruitment team Ask by email Apply now Save for Later ING’s vision is to unlock our people’s full potential through our inclusive culture where everyone has the opportunity to develop and have impact for our customers and society. To achieve this vision, our policies support diversity, equity, and inclusion. As an equal opportunity employer, we do not tolerate discrimination of any kind with regard to age, gender, gender identity, cultural background, experience, religion, race, ethnicity, disability, family responsibilities, sexual orientation, social origin, or any other status protected by applicable law. If you require any assistance or if we can accommodate you in any way when participating in our application and/or interview process, please email the recruiting contact listed for the relevant position. We will be happy to work with you to ensure a fair and accessible process. Read more about our commitment to diversity, inclusion and belonging here . Scroll down More for you About ING ING is a global bank with a strong European base. More than 60,000 colleagues serve around 38 million customers and corporate clients in over 40 countries. June 28, 2024 Article Culture Working at ING Working at ING means working with great people: friendly, collaborative and (we think) fun! We empower the people around us and our customers to stay a step ahead. A job at ING comes with autonomy and the expectation to drive progress, deliver a superior customer experience and create a more sustainable future for people and planet. August 13, 2024 Article Culture Wholesale Banking in APAC Nasz zasięg Wholesale Banking w regionie APAC obejmuje Hongkong, Pekin, Szanghaj, Tajwan, Koreę Południową, Japonię, Indonezję, Indie, Filipiny i Wietnam. August 13, 2024 Article Expertise & Teams Wholesale Banking Location Spotlight Related Content Audit Services at ING Drive integrity and transparency in our financial operations by ensuring compliance and identifying areas for improvement. Be the watchdog that safeguards our organisational health. August 12, 2024 Article Expertise & Teams Early Careers At ING, we're not just about banking. We also want to empower you to explore a world brimming with opportunities. Our early careers offerings—ranging from trainee and talent programmes to specialised IT classes—are designed to ignite your passion and accelerate your journey of professional and personal growth. August 13, 2024 Overview Students & Graduates Related Content International Talent Programme ING's International Talent Programme offers global traineeships with three rotations, including one abroad, focusing on personal, professional, and organizational development. August 13, 2024 Overview Early Careers: Global Graduate Programme Programmes Risk International Talent Programme As a Risk trainee, you’ll be working on strategies to manage and prevent risks to our business. The financial consequences are big, the margin for error tiny. Are you up to the challenge? August 13, 2024 Article Students & Graduates Early Careers: Global Graduate Programme Related Content Tech International Talent Programme As a Tech trainee, you’ll be working at the cutting edge of financial technology at an incredibly interesting time. Your work will have a direct impact on our customers throughout the world. Join us and shape the future of banking. August 13, 2024 Article Students & Graduates Early Careers: Global Graduate Programme Early Careers: Local Opportunities Related Content Wholesale Banking International Talent Programme As a Wholesale Banking trainee, you’ll play an active role in the dynamic, globe-straddling world of corporate banking. You’ll be doing essential work as a trusted advisor for big clients, on big deals. August 13, 2024 Article Students & Graduates Early Careers: Global Graduate Programme Related Content Global Analytics Graduate Programme (ITP) Join ING's Global Analytics Graduate Programme to harness data for smarter banking. Experience three rotations, global impact, and drive innovation. August 13, 2024 Article Students & Graduates Early Careers: Global Graduate Programme Programmes Business Banking International Talent Programme Business Banking is one of the three pillars of Retail Banking. In Business Banking we serve three types of customers: self-employed, SMEs and mid-corporates. August 13, 2024 Overview Students & Graduates Early Careers: Global Graduate Programme Early Careers: Local Opportunities Related Content Finance International Talent Programme Join ING's Finance International Talent Programme. Experience three rotations, shape key decisions, and fast-track your career in finance globally. August 13, 2024 Article Students & Graduates Early Careers: Global Graduate Programme Related Content Operations and Change International Talent Programme Join ING's Operations and Change International Talent Programme. Drive strategic initiatives and lead transformative projects in banking! August 13, 2024 Article Students & Graduates Early Careers: Global Graduate Programme Related Content Retail Banking International Talent Programme As a retail banking trainee, your work will directly impact millions of customers. And if you’ve got smart ideas for how to push banking forward, you’ll be encouraged to make them happen - right from day one. August 13, 2024 Article Students & Graduates Retail Banking Early Careers: Global Graduate Programme Related Content Human Resources International Talent Programme Join ING's HR International Talent Programme. Experience three rotations, shape our culture, and drive innovation in HR across the globe. Apply now! August 13, 2024 Article Students & Graduates Early Careers: Global Graduate Programme Related Content Wholesale Banking Our purpose is to empower people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. So whatever financial needs of our corporate clients have, whether they are looking to expand and want strategic advice, or just want more efficient day-to-day banking, we support their business ambitions. August 13, 2024 Overview Expertise & Teams Wholesale Banking Related Content Working at ING in the Philippines ING Hubs Philippines started in 2013 under the name of ING Global Shared Operations, offering in-house processing services for financial markets, lending, and trade and finance services (TFS) to some of ING’s Wholesale Banking branches in Asia. August 13, 2024 Article Location Spotlight ING Hubs Related Content Working at ING in Poland At ING in Poland, we offer exciting opportunities across two main entities: ING Hubs Poland and ING Bank Śląski. Together, they form a critical part of ING’s global operations, driving innovation, customer service excellence, and sustainable finance. August 13, 2024 Article Overview Location Spotlight ING Hubs Related Content Working at ING in Romania At ING in Romania, we offer exciting opportunities across two main entities: ING Hubs Romania and ING Bank Romania. Together, they form a critical part of ING’s global operations, driving innovation, customer service excellence, and sustainable finance. August 13, 2024 Article Location Spotlight ING Hubs Related Content Security Join ING Security to protect people, assets, and data. Be part of a mission to keep the bank safe and trusted globally with innovative, automated solutions. August 21, 2024 Article Expertise & Teams Employee Stories Related Content Retail Banking By providing the right information and tools at the right time, supported by clear and easy products, ING strives to empower people to make better financial decisions. May 15, 2024 Article Expertise & Teams Retail Banking Related Content Technology What makes ING Tech such a great place to work? Ask our colleagues! They’ll tell you about how we’re applying technology on a global scale to provide a superior customer experience that’s easy, instant, personal, and relevant. May 15, 2024 Article Expertise & Teams Business support & Business Management Empower our teams with seamless operational support and strategic management. Be the backbone that keeps our business running smoothly and efficiently. August 12, 2024 Article Expertise & Teams Locations Explore our locations around the globe and discover where you want to work. August 13, 2024 Overview Expertise & Teams Related Content Working at ING in the Netherlands There’s a good chance we’ve met before. If you’ve watched the Dutch football team play, flown out of Schiphol airport or visited the Rijksmuseum, it’s likely you’ll have seen our orange lion. The Netherlands is our home, and we’re proud of our strong Dutch heritage. August 13, 2024 Article Overview Location Spotlight Related Content Working at ING in Australia Over 20 years ago, we launched the country’s first high-interest, fee-free online savings account. Today, we continue to lead with innovative products like home loans, superannuation, credit cards, and more. August 13, 2024 Article Overview Location Spotlight Related Content Working at ING in Belgium With over 6,000 employees in Belgium, we’re a significant employer. Research shows that our vibrant ‘orange’ culture sets us apart. We offer impactful roles in an inclusive and collaborative work environment, competitive benefits, great flexibility thanks to our hybrid work model and opportunities to grow your career. August 13, 2024 Article Overview Employee Stories Location Spotlight Related Content Working at ING in Italy As a trusted partner for millions of corporate and retail clients, ING is active in Italy with its two business lines: Wholesale & Retail Banking. Our almost 1,300 employees are spread across our office in Milan and our branches and stores in 16 cities. August 13, 2024 Article Overview Location Spotlight Related Content Working at ING in Luxembourg At ING Luxembourg, we are committed to innovation, sustainability, and excellence. As part of the global ING Group, we provide comprehensive financial services, including banking, investments, insurance, and pensions. August 13, 2024 Article Overview Location Spotlight Related Content Philipines Hubs Discover ING Hubs Philippines – a global hub for IT, finance, risk management, and data analytics, supporting 40 countries with over 4,800 employees. August 13, 2024 Overview ING Hubs Related Content Working in ING Hubs Poland Established in 2003 and located in Katowice and Warsaw, ING Hubs Poland provides IT and operational services to all ING units. August 13, 2024 Overview About ING Business ING Hubs Related Content Romania Hubs ING Hubs Romania offers 130 services in software development, data management, non-financial risk & compliance, audit, and retail operations to 24 ING units worldwide, with the help of over 1,700 high-performing engineers and risk and operations professionals. August 13, 2024 Overview ING Hubs Related Content Slovakia Hubs ING Hubs Slovakia dates back to 2009 and was built on the longstanding expertise and established presence of ING in Slovakia. Our current team of 1,400 employees provides expert services and drives change and improvement in ING processes. August 13, 2024 Article ING Hubs Related Content Türkiye Hubs Established in 2023, ING Hubs Türkiye offers tech and data analytics services inside ING Group with its team of data experts, developers and other professionals working in the Istanbul office. August 13, 2024 Article ING Hubs Related Content Wholesale Banking in EMEA The EMEA region is the largest of the three Wholesale Banking regions with 23 countries, serving as a gateway to Europe for American and Asian multinationals. Our network is the driving force behind our business strategy. We are working together across borders to make a difference in the markets and sectors we operate in. August 13, 2024 Article Expertise & Teams Wholesale Banking Related Content Risk Management Identify, assess, and mitigate risks to protect our assets. Be the strategist safeguarding our enterprise. May 15, 2024 Article Overview Expertise & Teams Communications and Brand Experience Here, you'll craft compelling narratives and create engaging brand experiences. Make it your job to influence how the world sees our brand with your creative and fast-paced work. August 12, 2024 Article Expertise & Teams Corporate and Facility Services Manage our physical and corporate environments to optimise efficiency. Be the curator of spaces where innovation thrives. August 12, 2024 Article Expertise & Teams Related Content Customer Experience Elevate every touchpoint to create exceptional customer journeys. Be the architect of client satisfaction and loyalty. August 12, 2024 Article Expertise & Teams Related Content Data Modelling and Analytics Harness data to draw out insights and infor