Infrastructure Projects and Programs | EY - UK EY - Parthenon Logo Insights AI Insights Finance Geostrategy People and workforce Risk Sustainability Technology Transformation Services Strategy by EY-Parthenon Strategy Consulting Services Corporate Strategy Geopolitical Strategy Commercial Strategy Working Capital Turnaround and Restructuring Consulting Sustainability Strategy AI Strategy Services Industry Strategy Transactions and Corporate Finance by EY-Parthenon M&A Advisory M&A Integration M&A AI-powered Technology Divestment Strategy Corporate Finance Valuation, Modeling & Economics Due Diligence Services Infrastructure Advisory Transaction Tax Consulting Customer & Growth by EY Studio+ Cyber Incident Resilience and Response Solution Data and decision intelligence CRO (Risk) Supply chain and operations Technology leaders’ agenda Transformation EQ Transformation Platforms People and workforce Change management and experience HR Transformation Services People Mobility Solution Learning and development consulting services Recognition and reward advisory Workforce analytics Assurance Services Technology Risk Audit Climate change and sustainability services Financial accounting advisory services Forensic and Integrity Services The EY private client audit experience Long-term value metrics creation IFRS Tax Tax planning Tax function operations Tax policy and controversy Global trade Global tax reform Tax compliance Transaction Tax Tax services: Designed for private Law Corporate and commercial law Digital law Labor and employment law Legal operations Transaction law Technology Technology Managed Services ey.ai The Reimagination Engine EY Audit Technology Tax technology M&A AI-powered Technology Technology transformation Alliances Blockchain EY Managed Services Cybersecurity Managed Services Financial Accounting and Expanded Corporate Reporting Managed Services Legal Managed Services Risk Managed Services Supply Chain and Operations Managed Services Sustainability managed services Tax Managed Services Technology Managed Services EY Private EY Private client experience EY private client audit experience service offerings Tax services: Designed for private Family enterprise IPO Entrepreneurship EY Sustainability Sustainability Strategy Climate change and sustainability services Sustainable finance Supply Chain Transformation Sustainability tax services Legal services Global renewables Climate and decarbonization Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) Services Industries Consumer & Health Consumer Products Health Life Sciences Retail Financial Services Banking & Capital Markets Insurance Wealth & Asset Management Sustainability in Financial Services Fintech and ecosystems Government & Infrastructure Government & Public Sector Infrastructure Education Human services Public finance management Industrials & Energy Aerospace, Defense & Mobility Industrial Products Mining & Metals Oil & Gas and Chemicals Power & Utilities Future mobility Mobility lens suite Transportation Private Equity Digital in private equity Exit readiness PE deal origination Private Equity Portfolio Company Value Creation Services Generative AI services for private equity Technology, Media & Entertainment, Telecommunications Technology, Media & Entertainment, Telecommunications Telecommunications Technology sector As-a-service business operations and transformation TMT business resiliency suite Future network now Capital operations and innovation suite (COInS) Careers What you can do here Technology careers at EY Assurance careers at EY Careers in Consulting Tax careers at EY Careers in People Advisory Services Careers in Financial Services Careers in Core Business Services Careers in EY-Parthenon What it's like to work here Belonging at EY Personalised career development Rewards and benefits How to join us How to join us Early Careers Adjustments Job search Experienced professionals Early Careers Our locations About us Our purpose Our values Our people EY UK 2025 Impact Report Alumni Newsroom EY Network Locations Connect with us Insights Read more Read less Asking the better questions that unlock new answers to the working world's most complex issues. Read more Read less Explore Trending topics Read more Read less See more Read more Read less See more Read more Read less C-suite agendas Read more Read less AI insights Sustainability in business Economics EY Center of Board Matters CEO agenda Technology leaders' agenda EY podcasts EY webcasts See more Read more Read less Services Read more Read less EY helps clients create long-term value for all stakeholders. Enabled by data and technology, our services and solutions provide trust through assurance and help clients transform, grow and operate. Read more Read less Explore See more Read more Read less Spotlight Read more Read less Strategy, transaction and transformation consulting Technology transformation Tax function operations Climate change and sustainability services Alliances and ecosystems Read more Read less Industries Read more Read less Discover how EY insights and services are helping to reframe the future of your industry. Read more Read less Explore See more Read more Read less Case studies Read more Read less Corporate Responsibility How TRANSFORM is helping impact entrepreneurs scale 10 Apr 2026 EY Global Alliances How humanoid robotics are strengthening complex industrial work 16 Mar 2026 EY Global Alliances How IntraBio's finance transformation fueled its global expansion 14 May 2025 EY Global Careers Read more Read less We bring together extraordinary people, like you, to build a better working world. Read more Read less Explore See more Read more Read less Spotlight Read more Read less Experienced professionals Early careers Technology careers Belonging at EY Read more Read less About us Read more Read less At EY, our purpose is building a better working world. The insights and services we provide help to create long-term value for clients, people and society, and to build trust in the capital markets. Read more Read less Explore See more Read more Read less Spotlight Read more Read less Search search Search for insights, services and people... close search See all results for ' ' No results have been found Topics See All General See All People See All Recent Searches Trending When the world shifts overnight, can you operate at the speed of trust? Risk operating models must become strategy-first, trigger-based and governance-forward. Learn how Risk Strategists are leading the way. 05 Mar 2026 Corporate culture How data readiness can enhance private equity exit value Data readiness is now critical to exit value, speed and confidence. Discover why it matters and how to be proactive. 05 Mar 2026 Private Equity How telcos can transform their B2B growth outlook A changing geopolitical environment coupled with rising security needs offer ICT providers new opportunities to reinvigorate their B2B growth. 24 Feb 2026 Telecommunications My EY My EY Select your location Local sites Infrastructure EY-Parthenon advises on financial, procurement, strategic and public-private partnership issues for large-scale infrastructure projects and programs. Estimates show that 75% of the infrastructure that will be in place in 2050 does not exist today. This is why it is important to get your infrastructure strategy put together and implemented as soon as possible. Infrastructure investment and sustainable development are top priorities for governments globally. Rapid urbanization and population growth are putting pressure on emerging markets to develop critical new infrastructure, while aging assets and continued underinvestment mean developed economies need to expand their existing focus on infrastructure. Meanwhile, smart cities are emerging as an investment need, with the interface between urban growth, technology, infrastructure and capital requirements presenting a unique set of opportunities and challenges. Our infrastructure team supports infrastructure programs from end to end with an integrated approach to help owners, investors and operators deliver value by advising clients on financial, procurement, strategic and public-private partnerships. Read more Read less Featured Thinking How agentic AI can create an intelligence layer for infrastructure Shane MacSweeney 04 May 2026 Our latest thinking EY UK Economic Outlook - Summer 2026 (PDF) PDF report: EY UK Economic Outlook - Summer 2026 Peter Arnold + 2 Can disciplined ambition unlock growth in a volatile global economy? Explore CEO 2026 priorities: disciplined growth that ties AI to ROI, embeds geopolitics into strategy and uses M&A to compete amid volatility. Andrea Guerzoni + 2 Economics of defence: UK growth opportunity (PDF) PDF report: The economics of defence: How defence investment can drive UK industry and economic growth Why migration infrastructure could be the next competitive advantage Discover how demographics, geopolitics, climate and tech make migration a strategic talent engine and learn the keys to success. Grant Mitchell + 1 What falling frontiers mean for the global rush for resources Explore how new frontiers are reshaping the global resource race. Uncover risks, opportunities and what leaders must do next. Discover more. Paul Mitchell + 3 Mind the (Investment) Gap (PDF) PDF report: 2025 analysis of programme funding including government (CDEL) and private sector, with spotlight on infrastructure, defence, energy and AI. Mats Persson Top 10 geopolitical developments in 2026 Geopolitical volatility and uncertainty will persist in 2026. There are three geostrategic actions to build resilience and set strategy. Learn more. Oliver Jones + 1 How emerging technologies are enabling the human-machine hybrid economy Discover how technology is changing work and leadership. Take action to succeed in the evolving human-machine economy. Beatriz Sanz Sáiz How to optimize your global strategy amid asymmetric globalization Exploring future scenarios reveals divergent paths for geopolitics, economic policies, sector trajectories and company strategies. Learn more. Oliver Jones + 1 Reimagine your cyber guardrails to accelerate AI value In a nonlinear, accelerated, volatile and interconnected cybersphere, enterprise-wide AI adoption is safer and faster with cybersecurity guardrails. Richard Watson + 1 How can reporting shape a nature-positive future? The EY Global Nature Action Barometer suggests that companies have not yet developed sufficiently robust reporting on nature. Read why. Dr. Velislava Ivanova The evolving role of LEO satellites in Europe’s connectivity future (PDF) PDF Report: LEO satellites are transforming broadband in Europe, bridging gaps with fibre/5G and unlocking new ecosystem opportunities. Sustainable Aviation Fuels: Paving the way for greener skies Discover how sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) is revolutionizing air travel and reducing carbon emissions. Learn more about the future of green aviation. Daniel Eisenhuth + 1 How AI drove data optimization for oil and gas capital projects Discover how AI boosted efficiency and accuracy in oil and gas project management and helped a firm streamline engineering processes. Learn more. How data analytics and AI in government can drive greater public value Discover how data analytics and AI in government can drive greater public value and learn lessons from successful government organizations. Find out more. Sheena Thompson + 1 Six actions to turn soaring energy demand into lasting prosperity Business energy demand is soaring. Are providers ready? EY research reveals how they can fuel growth to deliver true energy prosperity. Learn more. Greg Guthridge Top 10 risks for the government and public sector in 2025 The risk landscape for governments is complex and interconnected. Discover the top 10 risks and how mitigating them will build trust and prove value. Catherine Friday + 1 How to retake the momentum in the EV transition The EY Mobility Consumer Index shows a slowdown in EV sales. Learn how consumer attitudes, policy and innovation can drive the next wave of EV adoption. Ulrika Eklöf + 2 How artificial intelligence can unlock a new future for infrastructure To unlock the value of AI and truly transform the infrastructure sector, it must adopt a new mindset, skillset, toolset. Find out how in EY’s new report. Chris Lewis How universities can keep people at the center of digital transformation For higher education to transform successfully, leaders need new approaches to keep people engaged and supported during the journey. Learn more. Catherine Friday Previous Next Direct to your inbox Stay up to date with our Editor's picks newsletter. Subscribe How EY-Parthenon can help Corporate Finance Consulting Our Corporate Finance consultants leverage deep financial and capital markets experience to help CFOs drive sustainable value. Learn more. Read more Sustainability and ESG Strategy Consulting Our Sustainability and ESG Strategy Consulting teams can help you with strategy, M&A, capital allocation, ESG due diligence and portfolio optimization. Read more Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) Services EY EHS professionals can help your business to transform your EHS management. Learn more. Read more Climate and decarbonization Supporting organizations with physical and transition risks associated with climate change, and assisting them with market and regulatory changes. Read more Government & Public Sector Strategy Consulting EY-Parthenon Government and Public Sector Strategy Consulting teams help officials make better decisions toward a range of goals. Learn more. Read more ESG and sustainability EY teams can help address ESG and sustainability issues, investor concerns and improve ESG performance. Find out how. Read more Infrastructure Advisory and Consulting Services Our teams can help governments, regulators and private clients with infrastructure advisory and ESG support, aiding decisions and project development. Read more EY-Parthenon Infrastructure Advisory team Rohan Malik OBE EY UK&I Government & Infrastructure Managing Partner Advising transformational programs of social, economic and technological change. A seasoned martial arts practitioner who encourages his two sons to use their talent to make a difference. London, United Kingdom Andrea Powell EY UK&I Infrastructure Leader Infrastructure leader with over 20 years of shaping major projects. Champion of sustainable infrastructure. Inclusion advocate. American-turned-Londoner. Parent of two, avid cook and strength trainer. London, United Kingdom Shane MacSweeney EY Global Infrastructure Leader and EY-Parthenon Ireland Head of Strategy and Transactions Commercial, financial and economic advisory services provider. Dublin, Ireland Chris Ashton Holt Partner, Consulting, Infrastructure, Ernst & Young LLP Passionate about sustainable infrastructure. Over 15 years’ experience in the nuclear sector. Champion of flexible working. Parent of four. London, United Kingdom Chris Lewis EY UK and Ireland Consulting Deputy Managing Partner and Markets Leader Dedicated to developing sustainable infrastructure. Key advisor to build the future projects that help enable the energy transition. Dad to two teenage boys and mediocre squash player. London, United Kingdom Show more Contact our infrastructure projects and programs consultants today Get in touch and we'll be happy to help. On the Agenda (4) Skip west Strategy Consulting by EY-Parthenon Featured: Five generative AI initiatives leaders should pursue now Discover east Government & Public Sector Featured: How agentic AI can create an intelligence layer for infrastructure Discover east Public policy Featured: How AI assessments can enhance confidence in AI Discover east Government & Public Sector Featured: How agentic AI can create an intelligence layer for infrastructure Discover east east End of On the Agenda EY Parthenon footer logo Legal and privacy Modern slavery statement Connect with us Our locations My EY Site map Read more Read less Open Facebook profile Open LinkedIn profile Open Youtube profile EY refers to the global organization, and may refer to one or more, of the member firms of Ernst & Young Global Limited, each of which is a separate legal entity. Ernst & Young Global Limited, a UK company limited by guarantee, does not provide services to clients. For more information about our organization, please visit ey.com. EY-Parthenon is a brand under which a number of EY member firms across the globe provide strategy consulting services. Welcome to EY uk (en) You are visiting EY uk (en) uk en