Deals | PwC UK Careers Skip to content Skip to footer Early careers Experienced careers Flexible or contractor careers Working at PwC Our people, their stories. More Search Menu Early careers Early careers Applying and FAQs Employability hub Entry level Graduate Our events Our job search Training and development Undergraduate Menu Early careers Applying and FAQs Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessment and selection process Do you need immigration authorisation to work in the UK? FAQs The behaviours we look for Menu Early careers Employability hub Menu Early careers Entry level Entry level programmes Flying Start degree programmes New World. New Skills. Virtual Insight Programme Menu Early careers Graduate Advisory and Consulting Audit, Accounting, Tax and Finance Legal Services Strategy Technology and AI Menu Early careers Our events Virtual Classroom Menu Early careers Our job search Menu Early careers Training and development Menu Early careers Undergraduate Diversity Programmes Legal Summer Vacation Scheme Summer Internship Undergraduate Work Placement Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Experienced careers Experienced careers Application support Careers toolkit Partner recruitment Search all jobs Menu Experienced careers Application support Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessments - what to expect Our application experience PwC sponsorship and working permits Recruitment agencies The behaviours we look for Menu Experienced careers Careers toolkit Menu Experienced careers Partner recruitment Menu Experienced careers Search all jobs Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Flexible careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible careers Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Working at PwC Working at PwC Career development Discover our UK offices Inclusion Our business areas Our people. Their stories Reward and benefits Wellbeing at PwC Menu Working at PwC Career development Menu Working at PwC Discover our UK offices Menu Working at PwC Inclusion Menu Working at PwC Our business areas Actuarial Audit Business Solutions Consulting Deals Legal Operate Tax Technology Menu Working at PwC Our people. Their stories Menu Working at PwC Reward and benefits Menu Working at PwC Wellbeing at PwC Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Our people, their stories. Our people, their stories. Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Loading Results No Match Found View All Results Careers in Deals We're a fast-paced and ever-growing business focusing on deals and crisis situations for our clients The Deals experience Our vision is to be the pre-eminent deals and value creation advisor - trusted by our clients to navigate complexity, deliver insights and unlock value at pace. Always innovating, we lead by combining industry knowledge, functional expertise, cutting-edge technology and the power of our global network. Enabled by inspired, engaged and connected teams, we make a difference when it matters most. Our people are our biggest asset, and our investment in their learning and development is a key part of our success. Your curiosity, insight, and judgement will drive some of the most significant deals in the business world. Where the combination of demanding clients and fast-moving projects create an exhilarating and rapidly changing landscape. Deals is an environment where you have to stretch yourself and learn every day. You’ll be encouraged to bring your authentic self to work, seek out new experiences, and forge your own career path. Our tight-knit and diverse teams offer the right balance of responsibility, care and trust to help you thrive. We have a powerful culture of coaching and continuous improvement founded on integrity, respect, and clear, honest feedback. The experiences on offer here expand your knowledge, grow your skills and accelerate your progress. This is Deals at PwC. The place where you shape your future. The experiences on offer here expand your knowledge, grow your skills and accelerate your progress. You’ll have the chance to impact major deals and influence whole classes of deal – setting a benchmark for how things should be done. You’ll help leading organisations to achieve critical strategic aims, whether that’s expanding their global footprint, moving into a new market or supporting the rollout of a new vaccine. ​ Our global network and multi-disciplinary offer means that you’ll collaborate with a range of PwC experts across different sectors and regions. So you’ll do more rewarding work and have bigger, broader career opportunities.​ Access and impact​ We work on the most significant deals so you can have more impact. ​ The urgent and critical nature of our work is often exhilarating and rewarding. Client demands mean you often have to find the right answer, right now but working in one of our tight-knit teams means you'll never do this alone. There’s a real sense of momentum that comes with the demanding clients and fast-moving projects. We handle a wide diversity of stakeholders, sectors and regions across all stages and types of deal. High pressure, tight deadlines and unpredictable hours can be a reality at times depending on your area of focus. But those demands smooth out across the peaks and troughs of project work and our people tell us that working together in these moments are often the most rewarding times of their careers. Variety and intensity​ We move at pace so you can tackle a variety of challenges.​ Deals is an environment where you have to stretch yourself and learn every day. You’ll be encouraged to bring your authentic self to work, seek out new experiences and forge your own career path. ​ Our tight-knit and diverse teams offer the right balance of responsibility, care and trust to help you thrive. We have a powerful culture of coaching and continuous improvement founded on integrity, respect and clear, honest feedback. You’ll have direct access to partners and mentors who take genuine joy from seeing you grow and progress as an individual. If there’s an opportunity you want to pursue, we’ll help you go for it. Development and progression We share your ambition so you can grow here and go further. ​ There are few things better than working with a cohort of intelligent and like-minded people who share your positive energy and down-to-earth, caring, can-do approach. Our people think deep and act fast, so the buzz of agile minds, intellectual curiosity and commercial edge is always in the air. ​ Whatever the project, and whatever your experience level, you’ll have the support and encouragement of people who’ve sat where you are and experienced the opportunities ahead of you. Connections and collaboration​ We make powerful connections so you can build valuable networks. ​ The depth and breadth of our work means that our people have to be comfortable being uncomfortable. You’ll never know all the answers, but you can ask the smartest questions. And you’ll always have an incredible resource of multi-disciplinary expertise to fall back on. ​ It’s a rare balance of perfectionism and pragmatism, insight and opinion. This ability to translate the data into big picture analysis and real-world outcomes gives our people a unique investor and boardroom-level perspective on the commercial world. You’ll learn how organisations from all kinds of industries and sectors work: how they make money, why they succeed long-term, and how to assess their true value. ​ Critical thinking and unique perspectives​ We understand the true value of a business so you can think like a leader.​ As we evolve, your skills will be constantly tested, upgraded and future-proofed. And you’ll be empowered to take the initiative, question existing processes, and drive change.​ One key driver of transformation is technology. It plays a major part in our work. It accelerates our output and deepens our understanding. It’s changing our roles day by day, freeing up time to focus on client needs and offer more value. But AI cannot replace the trust clients and other stakeholders have in PwC’s interpretation, insight and judgement. In the future, it’s our communication and storytelling skills that will set us apart. And the trusted connections we forge, which matter most. ​ Future-focused and tech-enabled​ We’re constantly evolving so you can shape the future. ​ < Back < Back [+] Read More Working in Deals In Deals we solve the important problems that stand in the way of value being created, sustained, realised or protected for our clients - working together to aid responsible recovery and growth. Collectively, we deal with the types of situations you hear about regularly in the news and we provide support, insight and analysis to the management, shareholders and financiers of business. In Deals, we are uniquely placed to tackle some of the most pressing issues that face society today - working together to guide our clients through the moments that matter most to them. The work we do and the way we work continues to evolve, and it’s vitally important that our people continue to invest time in themselves to be curious and develop their skills. You’ll learn how organisations work, how they make money, and how to assess their true value. You’ll build a sought-after mix of AI, data, sector, and commercial skills that will accelerate your career. Our collective curiosity, expertise and experience drive us to find new ways to solve our clients' most important challenges. Across our Deals business, our specialist teams work together to deliver integrated, end-to-end solutions tailored to our clients' needs. This collaborative approach helps us deliver greater value for our clients while creating exceptional opportunities for our people to learn, develop and build rewarding careers. Lead Advisory and Restructuring We’re trusted advisers at critical moments, guiding clients through complex challenges and opportunities that shape the future of their businesses. We’re in the room when decisions are made - bringing together Corporate Finance, Valuations and Restructuring to provide integrated advice across M&A, debt and capital solutions, financial performance, formal processes and independent viewpoints to help clients raise capital, execute transactions, navigate financial stress and enhance value. Strategy& Value Creation We’re an industry-led value creation business, combining strategy, deals, operational expertise, technology and AI to help private equity and corporate clients find, prove, deliver and realise value. From investment decisions through to transformation and long-term performance, we work alongside our clients to create outcomes that can be executed. Transaction Services We help private equity firms, investment funds and corporate clients make informed decisions throughout the deal lifecycle. Working across buy-side and sell-side transactions, our people combine sector expertise, accounting and financial reporting advice, financial analysis and data-driven insight to identify opportunities, manage risk and create value. Where you can join us in Deals Diversity in Business For undergraduate students Summer internships For undergraduate students Advisory and Consulting (Deals) For graduate students Strategy For graduate students Deals For experienced careers Explore our other business areas Business areas Join our Talent Community Sign up Follow PwC UK Careers Working at PwC Inclusion Reward and benefits Discover our UK offices Our People. Their Stories. Talent Community Alumni Our Business Actuarial Audit Consulting Deals Business Solutions Legal Operate Risk Tax Technology Early Careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Event search Job search Employability hub Training and development Applying and FAQs Experienced Careers Our job search Careers toolkit Applying Partner Recruitment Flexible and contractor Our job search Flexible careers Contractor careers Join our Talent Community Your account © 2020 - 2026 PwC. All rights reserved. PwC refers to the PwC network and/or one or more of its member firms, each of which is a separate legal entity. Please see www.pwc.com/structure for further details. Privacy Statement Cookies info Legal Disclaimer About Site Provider Provision of Services Diversity Web Accessibility