Skip to content Select your client type UK, English MenuAboutSustainabilityCapabilitiesViewsContact Fund centre Log in Search Close menu Search Search site Search Login or register Fund centre Your account Hi , Your account Investments Change password Terms of use Log out Site navigation About About Aviva Investors Who we are Find out more about what we do, our business and how we can help investors like you. Our culture Our leadership Company news The latest news, announcements, press releases and company updates. Company news Careers Let's work together to make lasting change happen. Ready to come on board? Find your role Sustainability Sustainability at Aviva Investors Policies and documents Find out more about Aviva Investors' sustainability approach and activity through our policies and documents. Policies and documents Insights and views Thought pieces on People, Climate and Earth. Investment thinking Regulatory reporting Find out more about our sustainability approach and activity through sustainability regulatory reporting. EU Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (SFDR) Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Capabilities View all our capabilities Capabilities by client type Explore investment and financing solutions tailored to your needs. Institutional investor Intermediary Private investor Commercial borrower Capabilities by asset classes Explore investment capabilities we offer across all major asset classes. Equities Fixed income Multi-asset & multi-strategy Private markets Liquidity Investment resources Access key fund documentation, performance reports and application forms. Fund centre Fund document library How to invest Application and transfer forms Reports and financial statements Fund charges and costs Events log Regulatory SFDR TCFD Consumer Duty Investment glossary Webcasts Corporate financing Explore an array of financing options we offer for commercial borrowers. Real estate finance Infrastructure finance Real estate long income GP finance Gilt yields Capabilities by sector Dedicated to understanding our clients' needs and delivering the outcomes that work for them. Insurance Pensions Views See all views Asset classes Get our perspective on key themes influencing investment markets globally. Equities Fixed income Multi-asset & multi-strategy Private markets Investment thinking Access analysis and commentary specific to you and your industry. Economic research Insurance Pensions Sustainability View all House View Expert views on markets, economies and investment themes. Macro House View Resources Data, analysis and information resources offering fresh perspectives for investment professionals. The Little Book of Data Contact Contact us We have specialist teams on hand to help you with your enquiries. Get in touch Media relations Private markets enquiries Close menu 404 404 - Page Not Found We're sorry - we can't find that page. Please go back to the homepage and search from there. Thank you Back to home Back to start of main content Footer On this site About us Contact us Views Investment capabilities Equities Fixed income Multi-asset & multi-strategy Private markets Liquidity Investment resources Fund centre Regulatory Investment glossary Webcasts Other links Aviva Aviva Ventures Careers Social LinkedIn Legal Legal & Regulatory Privacy notice Accessibility Digital safety Cookie notice Manage cookies Copyright © 2026 Aviva Investors Please select your investor type to help us deliver the site experience most relevant to you. Please select a role Institutional investor For pension schemes, insurers and consultants Show more "Show more information about Institutional investor" Show less This section of the website is provided exclusively for the use and information of Professional Clients only (whether already existing or prospective Professional Clients), as defined in Annex II to “Markets in Financial Instruments Directive” 2014/65/EU (“MiFID”). The pages on this website are only directed at persons who are residents of the jurisdiction that has been selected and comply with appropriate local legislation and regulation. By accessing this website, you hereby acknowledge that this website is intended for persons that qualify as Professional Clients only. You also certify possessing the experience, knowledge and expertise required to apprehend the risks inherent to financial instruments referred to herein and to make your own investment decisions. The content of this website is not to be viewed by or used with Retail Clients (investors which are not Professional Clients). Those who are not Professional Clients, are therefore kindly asked to leave this website. This website is not directed to any person in any jurisdiction where – by reason of that person’s nationality, residence or otherwise – the publication or availability of this website is prohibited. Persons in respect of whom such prohibitions apply must not access this website. The website and its content are not intended for distribution in the United States or to US persons, who are kindly asked to leave the website as well. In Europe, this website is issued by Aviva Investors Luxembourg S.A. Registered Office: 2 rue du Fort Bourbon, 1st Floor, 1249 Luxembourg. Supervised by Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier. An Aviva Company. In the UK and Australia, this website if issued by Aviva Investors Global Services Limited. Registered in England and Wales No. 1151805. In relation to Australia, AIGSL is exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian financial services licence under the Corporations Act in respect of the financial services; and it is regulated by the FCA under UK laws, which differ from Australian laws. I confirm that I am a Professional Client and I have read and understood the Legal & Regulatory information, Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement. Intermediary For advisers and discretionary wealth managers Show more "Show more information about Intermediary" Show less This section of the website is provided exclusively for the use and information of Professional Clients only (whether already existing or prospective Professional Clients), as defined in Annex II to “Markets in Financial Instruments Directive” 2014/65/EU (“MiFID”). The pages on this website are only directed at persons who are residents of the jurisdiction that has been selected and comply with appropriate local legislation and regulation. By accessing this website, you hereby acknowledge that this website is intended for persons that qualify as Professional Clients only. You also certify possessing the experience, knowledge and expertise required to apprehend the risks inherent to financial instruments referred to herein and to make your own investment decisions. The content of this website is not to be viewed by or used with Retail Clients (investors which are not Professional Clients). Those who are not Professional Clients, are therefore kindly asked to leave this website. This website is not directed to any person in any jurisdiction where – by reason of that person’s nationality, residence or otherwise – the publication or availability of this website is prohibited. Persons in respect of whom such prohibitions apply must not access this website. The website and its content are not intended for distribution in the United States or to US persons, who are kindly asked to leave the website as well. In Europe, this website is issued by Aviva Investors Luxembourg S.A. Registered Office: 2 rue du Fort Bourbon, 1st Floor, 1249 Luxembourg. Supervised by Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier. An Aviva Company. In the UK, this website if issued by Aviva Investors Global Services Limited. Registered in England and Wales No. 1151805. I confirm that I am a Professional Client and I have read and understood the Legal & Regulatory information, Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement. Private investor For individuals Show more "Show more information about Private investor" Show less The pages on this website are only directed at United Kingdom residents. The information on the website does not in any way constitute investment, tax, legal or any other form of advice or recommendation that a product or investment is suitable for you or your circumstances. If you need financial advice, you should contact a financial adviser. I confirm that I am a United Kingdom resident and have read and accepted the legal & regulatory information, privacy policy and cookie policy. Commercial borrower For financing real estate and infrastructure Show more "Show more information about Commercial borrower" Show less The pages on this website are only directed at United Kingdom residents. The information on the website does not in any way constitute investment, tax, legal or any other form of advice or recommendation that a product or investment is suitable for you or your circumstances. If you need financial advice, you should contact a financial adviser. I confirm that I am a United Kingdom resident and have read and accepted the Legal & Regulatory information and the privacy policy and cookie policy. Remember me for 180 days I agree If none of the above applies to you, please go back to Aviva Investors homepage CookiesWe use cookies to ensure our website works properly, create relevant advertising, personalise your online experience and understand how you use our website. For more information please see ourCookie NoticeESSENTIAL COOKIES ONLY Accept all CookiesManage Cookie Settings Cookie Preference Centre Cookies are small text files placed on your device when you visit a website. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise your visit, collect information about your use of that website and to provide you with a more personalised web experience. You can find out the different types of cookies used on our website and choose which optional cookies you would like to accept below. You should be aware, that refusing some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site. You can change your cookie preferences at any time. For more information about the cookies on our website and how we use them please see our Cookie NoticeAccept all CookiesManage Cookie PreferencesStrictly Necessary CookiesAlways Active Strictly Necessary CookiesThese cookies are necessary to enable the website to function properly and are therefore automatically used on our website and cannot be switched off. This category includes cookies which we use to provide you with core services and features, to help keep our website secure and to help us detect fraud or crime. You can block or receive alerts about the use of these cookies through your browser, however if you choose to block these cookies some functionality on this website will not work properly. Functional Cookies Functional CookiesThese cookies enable us to provide you with enhanced functionality and personalisation on our website. For example, we may use these cookies to remember choices you make and to customise the content based on the information we hold about you. If you do not allow these cookies then our website will work, however some of the features may not function properly.Performance Cookies Performance CookiesThese cookies allow us to collect information about how people use our website which enables us to improve it. For example, they allow us to collect information about which pages are the most and least popular and to understand how visitors move around the site. Advertising Cookies Advertising CookiesThese cookies are used to understand how you use the website and to provide you with more relevant advertising, they may be shared with advertising partners to deliver these advertisements. Save SettingsBack ButtonBack Performance CookiesVendor Search Search Icon Filter IconClear Filters Information storage and accessApplyConsent Leg.InterestAll Consent Allowed Select All Vendors Select All Vendors All Consent Allowed Save Settings