Cyber Insights Summer School (CISS) - Lancashire at GCHQ | Higherin DID YOU COMPLETE WORK EXPERIENCE THIS YEAR? IT'S TIME TO LEAVE A REVIEW Open menu Jobs Search all jobs Search and apply for internships, placements, graduate jobs, insights and apprenticeships University Students Internships Placements Graduate Jobs and Schemes Insights & Vacation Schemes Brand Ambassadors School Leavers Apprenticeships Degree Apprenticeships Level 2 Apprenticeships Level 3 Apprenticeships Level 4/5 Apprenticeships School Leaver Programmes Popular Searches Placements in London Internships in London Graduate Jobs in London Engineering Graduate Schemes Business Placements Finance Internships Marketing Placements Apprenticeships in London Business Apprenticeships Finance Apprenticeships Tech Apprenticeships Reviews Write A Review Share your experience of your apprenticeship, internship or placement to help future applicants make informed career decisions Read All Reviews What’s it like to work at your dream company? Written by university students and school leavers, read our job reviews to find out Reviews by Scheme Internship Reviews Placement Reviews Graduate Job Reviews Insight & Vacation Scheme Reviews Apprenticeship Reviews Degree Apprenticeship Reviews Level 2 Apprenticeship Reviews Level 3 Apprenticeship Reviews Level 4/5 Apprenticeship Reviews Companies All Companies Search for companies to learn more about their culture, read job reviews written by students, and discover the latest job opportunities they have to offer Top Employers Each year, we rank the employers leading the way in apprenticeship, undergraduate and graduate schemes - voted for entirely by your student job reviews Advice Explore Industries Accounting Careers Banking Careers Business Careers Engineering Careers Finance Careers IT & Technology Careers Legal & Law Careers Marketing Careers Public Sector Careers Retail & FMCG Careers Science & Research Careers View all Industries » Explore Schemes What is an Internship? What is a Placement? What is a Graduate Job? What is a Graduate Scheme? What is an Insight Scheme? What is an Off-Cycle Internship? What is an Apprenticeship? What is a Degree Apprenticeship? What is a Level 2 Apprenticeship? What is a Level 3 Apprenticeship? What is a Level 4 or 5 Apprenticeship? View all Schemes » All Careers Advice Educate yourself on your future career decisions Exploring Options Discover career paths that match your interests and strengths Application Tips Stand out with our CVs and application hacks Interview Tips Turn nerves into confidence and impress employers Student Life Make the most of your university or school experience Working Life Navigate your first job with ease University Hub Resources for university careers advisors and their students Schools Hub Supporting your students with post-16 options For Employers Sign In My Dashboard See new jobs and content matching your interests Application tracker Track your applications across multiple jobs My Reviews View your in progress or completed reviews Saved Items Managed your saved jobs and searches Account Update your profile to receive a better experience Visit Dashboard Sign out My Dashboard See new jobs and content matching your interests Application tracker Track your applications across multiple jobs My Reviews View your in progress or completed reviews Saved Items Managed your saved jobs and searches Account Update your profile to receive a better experience Create an account Sign in Close menu Jobs Search all jobs Search and apply for internships, placements, graduate jobs, insights and apprenticeships University Students Internships Placements Graduate Jobs and Schemes Insights & Vacation Schemes Brand Ambassadors School Leavers Apprenticeships Degree Apprenticeships Level 2 Apprenticeships Level 3 Apprenticeships Level 4/5 Apprenticeships School Leaver Programmes Popular Searches Placements in London Internships in London Graduate Jobs in London Engineering Graduate Schemes Business Placements Finance Internships Marketing Placements Apprenticeships in London Business Apprenticeships Finance Apprenticeships Tech Apprenticeships Reviews Write A Review Share your experience of your apprenticeship, internship or placement to help future applicants make informed career decisions Read All Reviews What’s it like to work at your dream company? Written by university students and school leavers, read our job reviews to find out Reviews by Scheme Internship Reviews Placement Reviews Graduate Job Reviews Insight & Vacation Scheme Reviews Apprenticeship Reviews Degree Apprenticeship Reviews Level 2 Apprenticeship Reviews Level 3 Apprenticeship Reviews Level 4/5 Apprenticeship Reviews Companies All Companies Search for companies to learn more about their culture, read job reviews written by students, and discover the latest job opportunities they have to offer Top Employers Each year, we rank the employers leading the way in apprenticeship, undergraduate and graduate schemes - voted for entirely by your student job reviews Advice Explore Industries Accounting Careers Banking Careers Business Careers Engineering Careers Finance Careers IT & Technology Careers Legal & Law Careers Marketing Careers Public Sector Careers Retail & FMCG Careers Science & Research Careers View all Industries » Explore Schemes What is an Internship? What is a Placement? What is a Graduate Job? What is a Graduate Scheme? What is an Insight Scheme? What is an Off-Cycle Internship? What is an Apprenticeship? What is a Degree Apprenticeship? What is a Level 2 Apprenticeship? What is a Level 3 Apprenticeship? What is a Level 4 or 5 Apprenticeship? View all Schemes » All Careers Advice Educate yourself on your future career decisions Exploring Options Discover career paths that match your interests and strengths Application Tips Stand out with our CVs and application hacks Interview Tips Turn nerves into confidence and impress employers Student Life Make the most of your university or school experience Working Life Navigate your first job with ease University Hub Resources for university careers advisors and their students Schools Hub Supporting your students with post-16 options Home / Jobs / GCHQ / Cyber Insights Summer School (CISS) - Lancashire at GCHQ Cyber Insights Summer School (CISS) - Lancashire at GCHQ About Summary Job Description Job Details Deadline: 8th October 2026 2 days to go! Salary: £300 per week Accommodation funded by GCHQ/free accommodation provided. Receipted travel cost requests to support attendance will be refunded for travel to the summer school and at the end of the programme, up to £200. Travel expenses to support attendance at the start and end of the summer school. Job Type: Internship (1 Month+) Job Roles: Computer Science Information Technology Cyber Security Locations: Lancashire Job Description The Cyber Insights Summer School (CISS) is a classroom-based 10-week ‘in person’ programme, taking place from late June to early September 2027 in Lancashire. Get a taste of what’s to come next summer – a career in cyber. Spend your next summer break boosting your cyber skills. Learning from world-class experts, you’ll gain insights into how we use technology to help keep the UK safe. Every day, we work with other intelligence agencies, protecting the UK from threats including serious organised crime, terrorism, and cyber attacks. What we do is unique – and next summer, you could have the chance to take part in it. During our 10-week programme, we’ll welcome you into the world of cyber operations, and help you develop your existing knowledge and passion into new, impressive skills. You’ll learn alongside others in your supportive cohort, through a blend of interactive lectures, workshops and practical exercises – all supported by our in-house experts. We’ll give you your own projects to work on too, both individually and in groups. And we’ll even organise social activities, so you can get to know your peers better and really make the most of your summer. Students will receive a weekly attendance payment of £300 per week and your accommodation will be funded by GCHQ. Motivated and eager to learn, that’s you. You’re excited about spending your summer with some of the best minds in cyber. And you’re ready to use your passion for all things tech to solve unique problems. To join, you’ll need to: Be studying a degree in a Science, Technology, engineering or Mathematics (STEM) subject or a joint honours degree that includes a STEM subject. Be on track to graduate between summers 2028-2030 Have a basic understanding of a programming language like Python, C, JavaScript or similar If you have the aptitude and enthusiasm, this is a unique opportunity to gain experience and understanding of where a career with us could take you. On completion of the Summer School, you may want to consider applying to some of our other programmes, such as an 11-week summer placement in 2027, an Industry year placement, or even consider joining us in employment. At GCHQ, you’ll find an inclusive and supportive environment, where we’re committed to helping you succeed. It’s how we keep our teams strong, and our nation safe. We’re also proud to be a Disability Confident Leader. If you have a disability, or identify as neurodivergent, and want to talk about any reasonable adjustments we can make, just let us know when you make your application. Find out more and apply. To be eligible to apply, you must be a British Citizen. If you hold dual nationality, of which one component is British, you will nonetheless be considered. You can apply at the age of 17 years. If successful, you will need to be 18 before the start of CISS. There is no upper age limit to apply for a role with us. You’ll usually need to have been a resident in the UK for 4 out of the last 5 years when applying for this role with us at this level. This is particularly important if you were born outside the UK, but we do assess each case individually. There are some common exceptions like studying abroad, living overseas with parents or serving with HM Forces. We’ll just need references for the time you lived abroad. Full eligibility details can be found on our website. How to apply To apply for this role and to find out more, please click on the apply button. Please note that applications may close before the application deadline, so apply early to avoid disappointment. Job Details Deadline: 8th October 2026 2 days to go! Salary: £300 per week Accommodation funded by GCHQ/free accommodation provided. Receipted travel cost requests to support attendance will be refunded for travel to the summer school and at the end of the programme, up to £200. Travel expenses to support attendance at the start and end of the summer school. Job Type: Internship (1 Month+) Job Roles: Computer Science Information Technology Cyber Security Locations: Lancashire About GCHQ GCHQ is an intelligence, cyber and security agency with a mission to keep the UK safe. Working with our intelligence partners MI5 and MI6, we protect the UK from terrorism, cyber-attacks and espionage. View Company Profile Join the Higherin Community Save Time Easily add jobs from Higherin or external platforms to keep everything organised. Personalised Alerts Get tailored job recommendations and updates straight to your inbox. Exclusive Features Access tools like application tracking, deadline reminders, and saved searches. Stay Ahead Be the first to know about the latest opportunities and deadlines. Completely Free Create an account and unlock powerful features at no cost. Start Exploring Search for Jobs Job Reviews Companies Top Apprenticeship Employers Top Graduate Employers Top Undergraduate Employers Help & Support Contact Us Report a Problem For Employers Promote Internships Hire Apprentices Recruit Graduates Brand Ambassadors Employer Branding Activations Privacy & Legal Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our Company About Us Higherin Academy Careers higherin.careers higherin.apprenticeships 2026 Higherin. All rights reserved.