Vacation programmes Skip to main content Quick search People & Culture Overview About our firm Being inclusive People profiles Learning and development Reward and recognition Awards IT’s Her Future Black heritage initiatives Apprentice Overview Audit Consulting Corporate Services Technology & Engineering Tax & Law Work Experience Applying to KPMG Parents, carers and teachers Undergraduate Overview Abilities Talent Insight Black Heritage Talent Insight Social Mobility Talent Insight Vacation programmes One Year Business Placement Applying to KPMG Graduate Overview Audit Consulting Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Experienced professional Overview Audit Consulting Corporate Services Deal Advisory Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Contractors Quick search Menu Close Vacation programmes Home > Undergraduate > Vacation programmes Come as you are Our Vacation programmes are designed to help people from different backgrounds, experiences and perspectives to explore life at KPMG and find out more about the work we do for our colleagues, communities and clients. If you participate, you'll discover what it's like to be part of a professional team as you explore different areas of the business. It's a great opportunity to develop new skills and enjoy new experiences, in an environment where learning is continuous. As well as kick-starting your career, you'll get to take part in some great community activities and you'll have the opportunity to meet new people too. Above all, it's about gaining experience on real-time, real-life projects. It's an opportunity to learn new skills, enhance your CV, learn about the world of work and, most importantly, it may lead to a potential graduate offer. We encourage you to explore the information about the Vacation programmes we offer, and then search and apply for your preferred choice. Search all Vacation programmes Explore vacation programmes Audit Tax Audit Search and apply Explore this programme The largest of our UK practices, Audit provides insight, challenge and expertise to some of the world’s biggest companies. We make a meaningful difference to those businesses and the wider community, by examining organisations and ensuring that their published accounts provide a true and fair reflection of their financial position. Join us on this programme and you’ll have the opportunity to see the auditing process from a range of different perspectives, giving you a rounded view of the discipline and benefiting from learning that will last a lifetime. In fact, you’re laying the groundwork for a secure and long-lasting career. Our four-week Audit Vacation Programme is your chance to gain work experience in a specific audit business area and an insight into life within our diverse and supportive audit community. The programme is designed to help you grow and develop a breadth of professional skills, giving you learning that will last you a lifetime. Building your commercial understanding and in-depth knowledge of different sectors and businesses and understand more about the work we do to deliver the highest quality audits. Tax Search and apply Explore the programme Join our Tax Vacation programme and learn about working collaboratively with organisations of all shapes and sizes, helping them to navigate complex tax policy landscapes, and stay compliant with regulation by paying the right tax at the right time. Our four-week Tax Vacation programme gives you the chance to gain practical experience as part of our supportive and diverse KPMG community. You’ll find out more about our different tax teams and the scale and breadth of the work we do, develop your business knowledge and build technical skills. It's an opportunity to make new contacts, enhance your CV and discover what it’s like to be part of our supportive and vibrant community. You’ll gain insights into how we help our clients manage tax issues, such as digitally transforming business models and reacting to significant changes to taxation policy. Across the spectrum of company and personal tax issues, you could learn about the holistic advice we provide, spanning international tax, deal advisory tax, transfer pricing and indirect taxes. You could explore the tax intricacies of employee reward, as well as managing tax issues arising as result of having a global workforce, or develop knowledge of how we support high net worth individuals and entrepreneurial families to manage their tax affairs and preserve their legacies. Connect with us: https://www.facebook.com/KPMGRecruitment/ https://www.instagram.com/kpmgukcareers/ https://www.linkedin.com/company/kpmg-uk/ https://www.youtube.com/@KPMGUKCareers Apprentice Audit Consulting Corporate Services Technology & Engineering Tax & Law Work Experience Applying to KPMG Parents, carers and teachers Undergraduate Abilities Talent Insight Black Heritage Talent Insight Social Mobility Talent Insight Vacation programmes One Year Business Placement Applying to KPMG Graduate Audit Consulting Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Experienced professional Audit Consulting Corporate Services Deal Advisory Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Quick Links FAQ Search and apply Contact us People profiles Legal Privacy Accessibility Cookies Modern Slavery Act Visit kpmg.co.uk Cookie Settings © 2026 KPMG LLP, a UK limited liability partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organisation of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved. For more detail about the structure of the KPMG global organisation please visit home.kpmg/governance. Back to top ;