Industrial Products Expertise And Services Skip to main content We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand Learn More search Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search Highlights Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search search Highlights menu close Industrial Products // . // Industries // Industrial Products What We Do What We Think Breakthroughs Solutions Who We Are What We Do We support manufacturers of industrial products across various subsectors and topics. Our goal is to achieve sustainable value growth for our clients, helping them navigate and adapt to ever-increasing geopolitical, economic, competitive, technological and resource dynamics. We develop tailored solutions to address each client’s unique situation. As a result, we assemble our teams to bring the right blend of skills and experience for each challenge. We work side-by-side with our clients to drive the necessary transformation and achieve lasting impact. Our expertise Machinery And Components Engineered products require innovation, complexity management, customer proximity, and international sales networks to succeed. We support machinery and components companies throughout the value chain, unlocking new value pools and managing risks. Plant Engineering And Construction Plant engineering and construction require project management and on-site value creation with many partners. Companies should focus on core competencies, localization, risk management, and digital tools to drive profit. General Manufacturing​ Manufacturing is highly competitive, and operational excellence and manufacturing footprint decisions are crucial. We optimize supply chains and leverage advanced technologies and artificial intelligence (AI) to achieve growth and efficiency for our clients. Capabilities Strategy And Growth We assist clients in redefining their purpose, vision, and mission. We identify areas where they have a “right to play” and contribute deep industry expertise along with our portfolio strategy toolkit. Our proprietary “Value Driven Business Design” methodology is used to analyze value shifts and future profit pools, and to develop successful, value-driven business models for continuous adaptation and development. Mergers And Acquisitions, Post-Merger Integration Our team leverages industry knowledge and merger and acquisition (M&A) experience to help clients execute transactions successfully and enhance value. We conduct operational and commercial due diligence and adopt a holistic approach to post-merger integration. This includes culture change, operations management, customer retention, supplier integration, rationalization, and implementation support. Turnaround And Restructuring We provide a comprehensive management solution for turning around companies facing an imminent profit or liquidity crisis. Our services stabilize companies, secure their liquidity position, and pave the path to a profitable and sustainable future. We prioritize the development of sustainable restructuring concepts that consider market and competitive environments as well as each company’s unique situation. Performance Transformation We guide clients towards lasting transformation through a holistic approach tailored to their needs. This involves designing bold moves for performance leaps, co-creating the operating model and industry-leading capabilities, and facilitating change from the inside out. Whether clients seek positive disruption, trajectory shifts to get ahead, or cost improvement, we drive a successful transformation that endures. Organization And Governance We utilize our extensive experience, real-world examples, and industry benchmarks to develop effective organizational systems and steering mechanisms tailored to specific business needs. We assist clients in establishing transparent decision-making processes and implement accountability frameworks. By engaging clients through co-creation and design thinking we ensure sustainable organizational effectiveness. Digitization We merge analytics and technical expertise with a deep understanding of business processes to create end-to-end solutions that realize substantial savings and facilitate profitable growth through digital business models. We maintain state-of-the-art digital tools to identify and realize efficiency potential across the value chain. We guide clients in harnessing the value from data and co-create customer-focused solutions that win. Sales, Aftersales, And Pricing We assist manufacturers in capturing customer value throughout the product lifecycle. Our approach encompasses targeted customer acquisition, smart pricing, and harnessing opportunities in after sales – often the greatest value pool. Our team combines practical industrial sales experience with a highly analytical approach supported by user-oriented digital tools for effective steering. Engineering And Innovation We support COOs, CTOs, and engineering VPs in adapting their organizations to ever-faster innovation cycles. These are further fueled by increasing software content and digitization which require faster time-to-market and enhanced agility. Our team can optimize development cycles, and disrupt engineering operating models to enhance competitiveness, and improve processes. Product Cost Optimization And Sourcing We optimize all product costs along the value chain through commercial, technical, and operational measures. Direct and indirect purchased materials represent the largest costs that need addressing to enhance operational and financial performance. Our procurement and cost reduction experts have a track record of realizing significant savings along the entire supply chain. Production And Supply Chain We support manufacturers throughout their end-to-end supply chain. We increase visibility and address critical supply chain issues to optimize earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA), working capital, and customer service. We develop solutions for production challenges and prevent issues such as insufficient throughput, poor on-time delivery, and quality concerns. Sustainability We help clients identify and implement the most suitable green market strategy. This can include manufacturing parts for new green technology, participating in the hyper-growth of green technologies, or designing eco-friendly production systems. We also develop corporate sustainability roadmaps, help manage sustainability risks, and initiate cultural shifts towards sustainability across all business decisions. What We Think Load More We are sorry, we could not find any results. Please refine your search and try again. Breakthroughs AUMA achieves ambitious growth targets AUMA has been a leader in electric actuators and valve gearboxes for over 50 years. They serve industries like water, oil and gas, and power. AUMA recently partnered with Oliver Wyman to align their strategy with growth ambitions. Watch the video to learn more about their transformation project. The story behind nexans’ decarbonization journey Nexans provides high voltage cables and services for energy generation. The video highlights their journey towards decarbonization and how Oliver Wyman is supporting them. Learn about the critical factors contributing to Nexans' success in this unique process. AUMA achieves ambitious growth targets AUMA has been a leader in electric actuators and valve gearboxes for over 50 years. They serve industries like water, oil and gas, and power. AUMA recently partnered with Oliver Wyman to align their strategy with growth ambitions. Watch the video to learn more about their transformation project. The story behind nexans’ decarbonization journey Nexans provides high voltage cables and services for energy generation. The video highlights their journey towards decarbonization and how Oliver Wyman is supporting them. Learn about the critical factors contributing to Nexans' success in this unique process. Solutions Recession heatmap industrial goods Oliver Wyman introduced the Recession Heatmap in 2019 to help industrial businesses assess the likelihood of a recession in their respective sectors. Our Lead Indicator has the potential to signal a looming recession as early as 3 to 4 quarters before it hits, as back testing on the 2008 recession demonstrates. Who We Are Michael Wagner Partner, Head of Industrial Goods Europe, Performance Transformation Practice in DACH Eric Ciampi Partner, France Frederic Ozeir Partner, IMEA Head of Automotive and Manufacturing Industries, Middle East Marco Santino Partner, Italy Bitan Datta Partner Footer XF Risk and insurance Reinsurance and capital People and investments Management consulting We're a global professional service firm bringing together capabilities across risk, reinsurance and capital, people and investments, and management consulting — building the confidence to thrive through the power of perspective. Terms Of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Statement On Accessibility Manage Cookies © 2026 Oliver Wyman, LLC. All Rights Reserved.