Job Application for 2027 Risk Analyst (DMFI) Intern at Schonfeld 2027 Risk Analyst (DMFI) Intern London, England, United Kingdom Apply The Role We are seeking a highly qualified DMFI Risk Analyst Summer Intern to join our DMFI Risk team in London. This team is responsible for helping management and portfolio managers within DMFI (Discretionary Macro Fixed Income) think about different dimensions of risk. What You’ll Do As a DMFI Risk Analyst Summer Intern, you’ll spend ten weeks with the Schonfeld DMFI Risk team, focusing on quantitative risk research and tool development for analysis of our portfolio’s exposures to market moves, particularly macro-economic and geo-political shocks. The research project will involve the use of advanced quantitative techniques and economic theory. The results of the research project and their insights will inform the implementation of a python-based tool to be integrated into our team's BAU. What You’ll Bring A bachelor’s or master’s degree in a quantitative or technical field such as mathematics, physics, engineering, economics, or finance (ideally with one year left in your academic program) Knowledge of, and coursework in, finance, linear algebra, statistics and data science Proficient programming ability in Python Proficient Agentic (AI) coding ability Knowledge of databases like SQL and/or KDB Excellent organizational skills and high regard for attention to detail Strong problem-solving skills A passion for financial markets and a desire to learn more about the strategies deployed by hedge funds Our Internship Kick-start your career in finance with the Schonfeld Summer Internship! Over the course of 10 action-packed weeks, you will have the opportunity to build solutions that tackle real-world challenges and leave a lasting impact on the firm. As an intern, you’ll join a close-knit team that is ready to support your growth and accelerate your career. We will pair you with a dedicated manager and a mentor who’ll guide your development over the course of the internship and beyond. Throughout the program, you will have the chance to connect with senior leaders through a series of learning sessions, attend hands-on skills workshops, network at social events and get a behind-the-scenes look at how various functions power the firm. We’ll empower you to bring your ideas to life and make an impact. Who We Are Schonfeld is a global multi-manager hedge fund that strives to deliver industry-leading risk-adjusted returns for our investors. We leverage both internal and external portfolio manager teams around the world, seeking to capitalize on inefficiencies and opportunities within the markets. We draw from decades of experience and a significant investment in proprietary technology, infrastructure and risk analytics to invest across four main strategies: Quant, Tactical, Fundamental Equity and Discretionary Macro & Fixed Income. Our Culture At Schonfeld, we’ll invest in you. Attracting and retaining top talent is at the heart of what we do, because we believe that exceptional outcomes begin with exceptional people. We foster a culture where talent is empowered to continually learn, innovate and pursue ambitious goals. We are teamwork-oriented, collaborative and encourage ideas—at all levels—to be shared. As an organization committed to investing in our people, we provide learning and educational offerings and opportunities to make an impact. We encourage community through internal networks, external partnerships and service initiatives that promote inclusion and purpose beyond the firm’s walls. __PRESENT __PRESENT Create a Job Alert Interested in building your career at Schonfeld ? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email. Create alert Apply for this job * indicates a required field Autofill my application First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Education School * Select... Degree * Select... Discipline * Select... Start date month * Select... Start date year * End date month * Select... End date year * Add another LinkedIn Profile Website What is your current cumulative GPA? * What degree are you currently pursuing? * Select... Will you graduate from January 2028-Summer 2028? Select... Do you require sponsorship to work in the UK? * Select... England Demographic Information (Completion is voluntary) - please only complete if you are located in the United Kingdom Individuals seeking employment at Schonfeld are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. At Schonfeld, we strive to cultivate a sense of belonging throughout all of our employees with Diversity, Equity and Inclusion at the forefront of this mission. As a firm we are committed to creating a hiring process which is not only fair, but also welcoming and supportive. As a part of that, we want to encourage candidates to voluntarily complete the following survey which helps us keep track of how we are doing in our efforts. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. Please note that all options below are as per ONS guidelines. Race & Ethnicity Definitions Asian/Asian British - A person identifying as Indian, Pakistani, Bangladeshi, Chinese or any other Asian background. Black/African/Caribbean/Black British - A person identifying as African, Caribbean or any other Black/African/Caribbean background. White - A person identifying as English, Welsh, Scottish, Northern Irish, British, Irish, Gypsy or Irish Traveller or any other White background Mixed or Multiple Ethnic Groups - All persons who identify with more than one of the above three groups e.g. White and Black Caribbean, or White and Asian. Other Ethnic Group - A person who identify as a group that is not specified here e.g. Arab. Please select your gender Select... Please identify your ethnic group Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse