Job Application for Senior Product Manager at GoCardless Back to jobs Senior Product Manager London, UK Apply About us GoCardless, a Mollie company, is a global leader in bank payments. Over 100,000 businesses, from start-ups to household names, use GoCardless to collect, manage and send bank payments through Direct Debit, real-time payments and open banking. With US$130bn+ processed annually across 30+ countries, we handle recurring and one-off payments without the chasing, stress, or expensive fees. Our end-to-end payment platform also features AI-powered solutions to improve payment success and reduce fraud, alongside connections to over 350 platforms businesses use everyday. We are headquartered in the UK, with teams and operations spanning North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific. For more information, please visit www.gocardless.com and follow us on LinkedIn @GoCardless. Mollie is the leading payments and financial services partner for business, rooted in Europe, with global reach. The role This role will be working at the heart of the GoCardless product in our Payment Flows team, within the Bank Payment Network Group. The team ensures that merchant money is settled quickly, with high certainty, on every payment scheme we provide. You will define and build propositions that provide market leading outcomes: building the capabilities to settle money faster, leveraging ML to confirm payments sooner, and unlocking payment capabilities that give merchants the best experience. The Senior Product Manager will work closely with the team’s Engineering Manager and Data Scientist to lead the product improvements that help our customers and drive revenue. You will also collaborate closely with Product Marketing, Customer Success, and other Product teams to achieve great outcomes for our customers and work towards our product vision. What excites you Delivering customer and business value : Being relentlessly focused on understanding and solving the customer problems which result in them using GoCardless as much as they can. Problem discovery and prioritisation: Taking complex and ambiguous product problems and structuring these effectively. This includes clearly defining the problem space, the impact of the problem and your prioritisation process. Data-led decision-making: Using quantitative and qualitative evidence to support your decisions and opportunity identification. Defining Product Strategy: Identifying key customer segments, and our approach to meeting their needs over the longer term in ways that create value for them and GoCardless Influencing and communication: Building collaborative relationships with your team, stakeholders and executives to deliver change effectively across your remit. This includes growing to become the ‘go-to’ person for your product area; translating complex, technical problems into understandable concepts; and convincing stakeholders of the best approach using structured reasoning. Leadership: Setting direction and coordinating action across a range of teams and functions Shipping stuff: Working with your team to support changes to completion, delivering consistent positive impact across your product area. Being comfortable delivering a range of projects: from MVP experiments testing a hypothesis to a new feature. What excites us Delivery of impact: You are focused on delivering business value through experimentation and have experience of doing that. Exceptional problem-solving and analytical skills: We want our Product Managers to have an outstanding ability to tackle valuable customer and business problems. At GoCardless we start by asking ‘why?’, and a data-led approach is central to how we run Product. You have a customer centric approach and are comfortable with qualitative and quantitative analysis. High agency: We’re after people who aren’t afraid of a challenge and will take ownership of problems they come across and help to resolve them and adapt to a constantly changing environment. Collaborative leaders: Product roles bring responsibility without direct authority. We’re looking for leaders who can motivate and earn the trust of stakeholders and teams with a collaborative approach. We don’t expect you to meet every requirement. If you’re excited by this role, we encourage you to apply. Base salary range: £100,000 - £150,000 Base salary ranges are based on role, job level, location, and market data. Please note that whilst we strive to offer competitive compensation, our approach is to pay between the minimum and the mid-point (£100,000 - £125,000) of the pay range until performance can be assessed in role. Offers will take into account level of experience, interview assessment, budgets and parity between you and fellow employees at GoCardless doing similar work. (some of) The good stuff Wellbeing - stay healthy with dedicated support and medical cover Work away scheme - gives you the option to work away from your country of residence for up to 90 days in any 12 month period Adaptive Working - allows you to work flexibly, around your lifestyle Parental leave - to suit everyone embarking on life's great adventure Learning Budget - lead your own development with an annual learning budget Time off - generous holiday allowance, + 3 annual volunteer days, + 4 annual business-wide wellness days (‘GC Fridays’) Life at GoCardless We're an organisation defined by our values ; We start with why before we begin any project, to ensure it’s aligned with our mission. We act with integrity , always. We care deeply about what we do and we know it's essential that we be humble whilst we do it. Working this way creates the GC magic- the reason we all love showing up to work. Diversity & Inclusion As of April 2025, we had 806 employees (GeeCees) globally, with 524 based in the UK, 163 based in Latvia and 119 across our other offices. To ensure that we're representative of the world around us - and to be able to review relevant benchmarks - we ask GeeCees to voluntarily disclose diversity data. This year, the proportion of GeeCees providing data increased to 88% (up from 79% in 2024). With regards to diversity within GoCardless, we can see GeeCees identifying as: Asian, Black, Mixed or Other — 25% Neurodiverse — 9% LGBTQIA+ — 9% Disabled — 1% Average age — 33 Female — 45% Male — 55% We’re rooting for you during your application and GoCardless aims to provide reasonable adjustments to make our recruitment process as remarkable and accessible as we can. Please speak to your Talent Partner if you need extra support. If you want to learn more, you can read about our Employee Resource Groups and objectives here Sustainability We’re committed to reducing our impact on the environment, leaving a more sustainable world for future generations. Check out our sustainability action plan here. Find out more about Life at GoCardless via Twitter , Instagram and LinkedIn . Create a Job Alert Interested in building your career at GoCardless? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email. Create alert Apply for this job * indicates a required field Autofill my application First Name * Last Name * Preferred First Name Email * Phone Country Phone Resume/CV Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf LinkedIn Profile Website Your privacy at GoCardless * Select... You share personal data with us which we use for our recruitment program. Read more about it in our recruitment privacy notice. Would you need us to sponsor a work visa? * Select... Pay range transparency * Select... At GoCardless we’re committed to fostering an inclusive and high-performance culture built on trust and transparency. To ensure you have a clear understanding of the compensation and potential growth for this opportunity, we’ve shared the full base salary pay range for this role. Please note, our approach is to offer salaries between the minimum and mid-point of the range. We want to manage expectations from the start, and if your application is successful you can discuss any questions around the pay range and salary with your Talent Partner. UNITED KINGDOM - Demographic Questions We're committed to making GoCardless a place where everybody can thrive regardless of their background. Championing a diverse, inclusive workplace underpins our mission to build the world’s bank payment network. We continually measure our efforts to ensure we're on track, and that's where you can help. The questions below are optional but we'd appreciate you answering them. It's completely anonymous so your answers CANNOT be linked to you individually. They also don't have any impact on the hiring decisions we make. Want to find out more about D&I at GC? Take a look here . Which gender do you identify as? Select... What race/ethnicity do you identify as? Select... Which of the following best describes your sexual orientation? Select... How old are you? Select... What is your highest level of education? Select... Do you consider yourself disabled? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodiverse? Select... Is your gender identity the same as the sex you were assigned at birth? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse