Students - Canaccord Genuity Skip to main content Global Capital Markets CGWM CA CGWM AUS CGWM UK Investor Relations CG Culture Back Our Values Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Students Professionals Opportunities Back Australian Opportunities Canada Opportunities UK & Europe Opportunities US Opportunities Students CG enlists candidates at the undergraduate and graduate levels using a blend of on-campus and online recruitment methods. With our Internship Program at Canaccord Genuity, we provide a platform for you to immerse yourself in the dynamic world of finance and make a real-world impact. Work alongside industry professionals on small teams, where your ideas are not just heard but valued. Our collaborative and entrepreneurial culture empowers you to take initiative, fostering an environment where innovation thrives. We believe in creating a holistic experience. Engage in social events that bring our community together, providing ample opportunities to network and forge lasting connections. Your internship is a chance to contribute to a global organization and be part of something bigger. Mentorship is at the heart of our program. Benefit from guidance by seasoned professionals who are invested in your growth. Build a professional network that extends beyond your internship, setting the foundation for a successful career in finance. At Canaccord Genuity, we don't just offer internships; we empower you to succeed and build toward a bright future. Join us and be prepared to make a meaningful impact, both professionally and personally. Internship Experience Opportunities Investment Banking Interns experience Canaccord Genuity’s culture by performing work similar to a First-Year Analyst, playing an integral role in supporting the origination and execution of mergers & acquisitions as well as equity and financing mandates. Experiencing considerable responsibility throughout the program, our interns work closely with the firm’s equity capital markets, mergers and acquisitions and sponsors coverage groups. Wealth Management Our interns will support the Private Wealth Management team by providing administrative, operational, communication & marketing support. They will be responsible for managing the day-to-day operations, including managing client files, handling account inquiries, and assisting with the preparation of client presentations, reports and communications. The experience also includes maintaining accurate and up-to-date client records, ensuring compliance with company policies and regulations, and providing exceptional customer service to clients. Professional Services Candidates can intern within a number of professional services departments at CG including - Marketing, Human Resources, Information Technology and Compliance. Through these departmental opportunities, interns will work closely with professionals learning about specific challenges and opportunities within the organization. These positions provide an opportunity to develop essential skills and apply academic knowledge in a real world setting to contribute to the overall success of CG. Sales & Trading Our interns work in a client-centric, team-oriented environment, proactively contribute to business growth, while support the trading team on a dynamic trading floor and gaining hands-on experience in equity sales & trading. Equity Research Interns within the Equity Research department at CG are partnered with specific sector teams and focus on topical research projects. These positions are designed with the goal of completing 1 to 3 major projects designed to enhance our research product with the additional benefit of providing significant learning experience to the candidate. Brooke's Story Play video Benefits Mental Health Care Mentorship Learning & Development For Inquiries Australia: cgau.hr@cgf.com Canada: hrrecruitment@cgf.com UK & Europe: ukandeurope_careers@cgf.com US: cg-us-recruiting@cgf.com Protecting your online safety: Canaccord Genuity and its affiliates do not use text messages for recruitment purposes. If you have received a text message claiming to be from CG or an authorized representative regarding job recruitment, please treat as fraudulent and do not respond. CG SITES CG SITES Global Capital Markets Canada - Wealth Management Australia - Wealth Management UK & Crown Dependencies - Wealth Management Investor Relations CONTACT CONTACT Contact us Global Locations STAY IN TOUCH LinkedIn Memberships Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Regulatory & Legal Disclosures Modern Slavery Act Statement CGLLC Relationship Summary CyberSecurity © 2026 Canaccord Genuity Group Inc. Scroll to the top Close Close Protecting your online safety: Canaccord Genuity and its affiliates do not use text messages for recruitment purposes. If you have received a text message claiming to be from CG or an authorized representative regarding job recruitment, please treat as fraudulent and do not respond. Accept