Skip to main content Skip to main navigation Corporate Global Home Close Select location United Kingdom United States Australia Belgium Canada Deutschland Denmark España Finland France Ireland Italia Luxembourg Netherlands Norway Österreich Portugal Sweden Switzerland Insight Investment Insight Investment logo Close Corporate Global Home Back Close Select location United Kingdom United States Australia Belgium Canada Deutschland Denmark España Finland France Ireland Italia Luxembourg Netherlands Norway Österreich Portugal Sweden Switzerland 404 Error page 404 Error page Sorry. The page you are looking for cannot be found. Please go back to the homepage to continue your journey. We apologise for any inconvenience. Back To Top Terms and conditions Privacy notice Cookie notice Sitemap Modern slavery act © 2026 Insight Investment. All rights reserved. Manage My Preferences Your Privacy Choices We and our partners use cookies and other tools to collect information about your visits to our website to help run and improve our services, for data security purposes, to assist our marketing campaigns, and to provide personalized content and advertising. By clicking “Manage My Preferences" button, you can make choices about how we use your personal information. For more information see our Privacy Notice.Cookie PolicyAccept AllManage My Preferences Reject AllOpt-Out Request HonoredDo Not Sell or Share My Personal DataWhen you visit our website, we and our partners use cookies and other tools (collectively, “cookies”) to collect information. The information collected may relate to you, your preferences, or your device, and is used to make the site work as expected, understand site usage and provide a more personalized web experience. However, you can choose not to allow certain types of cookies, which may impact your experiences on the site. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change default settings according to your preference. Strictly Necessary Cookies are deployed to ensure the proper functioning of the website and cannot be disabled. Privacy Notice. Cookie PolicyUser ID: 29db8d72-b4ff-4c50-85f3-99bdb0d2c5ceThis User ID will be used as a unique identifier while storing and accessing your preferences for future.Timestamp: -- Manage Consent PreferencesStrictly NecessaryAlways ActiveThese Cookies are essential and help support security and basic functionality, as they enable you to move around the Websites and use their features, such as accessing secure areas. Without these Cookies, services you've asked for (such as internet banking) can't be provided. These Cookies don't gather information about you that could be used for marketing or remembering where you've been on the internet. These Cookies can be disabled through your browser or device settings but to do so would prevent our Websites from working properly, e.g. we cannot guarantee the security during your visit.Functional Cookies Functional Cookies We and our partners use these cookies to provide enhanced website functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, some or all these services may not function as intended. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies We and our partners use these cookies to evaluate the performance of our websites, such as by allowing us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to identify which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by us or by our advertising partners. They may be used to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertisements on other sites. They do not store direct personal identifiers but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertisements. Back ButtonCookie List Search IconFilter IconClear checkbox label labelApply CancelConsent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelAllow AllReject All Confirm My Choices