Summer Internship Programme - EMEA 2027 at BlackRock | Higherin DID YOU COMPLETE WORK EXPERIENCE THIS YEAR? IT'S TIME TO LEAVE A REVIEW Open menu Jobs Search all jobs Search and apply for internships, placements, graduate jobs, insights and apprenticeships University Students Internships Placements Graduate Jobs and Schemes Insights & Vacation Schemes Brand Ambassadors School Leavers Apprenticeships Degree Apprenticeships Level 2 Apprenticeships Level 3 Apprenticeships Level 4/5 Apprenticeships School Leaver Programmes Popular Searches Placements in London Internships in London Graduate Jobs in London Engineering Graduate Schemes Business Placements Finance Internships Marketing Placements Apprenticeships in London Business Apprenticeships Finance Apprenticeships Tech Apprenticeships Reviews Write A Review Share your experience of your apprenticeship, internship or placement to help future applicants make informed career decisions Read All Reviews What’s it like to work at your dream company? Written by university students and school leavers, read our job reviews to find out Reviews by Scheme Internship Reviews Placement Reviews Graduate Job Reviews Insight & Vacation Scheme Reviews Apprenticeship Reviews Degree Apprenticeship Reviews Level 2 Apprenticeship Reviews Level 3 Apprenticeship Reviews Level 4/5 Apprenticeship Reviews Companies All Companies Search for companies to learn more about their culture, read job reviews written by students, and discover the latest job opportunities they have to offer Top Employers Each year, we rank the employers leading the way in apprenticeship, undergraduate and graduate schemes - voted for entirely by your student job reviews Advice Explore Industries Accounting Careers Banking Careers Business Careers Engineering Careers Finance Careers IT & Technology Careers Legal & Law Careers Marketing Careers Public Sector Careers Retail & FMCG Careers Science & Research Careers View all Industries » Explore Schemes What is an Internship? What is a Placement? What is a Graduate Job? What is a Graduate Scheme? What is an Insight Scheme? What is an Off-Cycle Internship? What is an Apprenticeship? What is a Degree Apprenticeship? What is a Level 2 Apprenticeship? What is a Level 3 Apprenticeship? What is a Level 4 or 5 Apprenticeship? View all Schemes » All Careers Advice Educate yourself on your future career decisions Exploring Options Discover career paths that match your interests and strengths Application Tips Stand out with our CVs and application hacks Interview Tips Turn nerves into confidence and impress employers Student Life Make the most of your university or school experience Working Life Navigate your first job with ease University Hub Resources for university careers advisors and their students Schools Hub Supporting your students with post-16 options For Employers Sign In My Dashboard See new jobs and content matching your interests Application tracker Track your applications across multiple jobs My Reviews View your in progress or completed reviews Saved Items Managed your saved jobs and searches Account Update your profile to receive a better experience Visit Dashboard Sign out My Dashboard See new jobs and content matching your interests Application tracker Track your applications across multiple jobs My Reviews View your in progress or completed reviews Saved Items Managed your saved jobs and searches Account Update your profile to receive a better experience Create an account Sign in Close menu Jobs Search all jobs Search and apply for internships, placements, graduate jobs, insights and apprenticeships University Students Internships Placements Graduate Jobs and Schemes Insights & Vacation Schemes Brand Ambassadors School Leavers Apprenticeships Degree Apprenticeships Level 2 Apprenticeships Level 3 Apprenticeships Level 4/5 Apprenticeships School Leaver Programmes Popular Searches Placements in London Internships in London Graduate Jobs in London Engineering Graduate Schemes Business Placements Finance Internships Marketing Placements Apprenticeships in London Business Apprenticeships Finance Apprenticeships Tech Apprenticeships Reviews Write A Review Share your experience of your apprenticeship, internship or placement to help future applicants make informed career decisions Read All Reviews What’s it like to work at your dream company? Written by university students and school leavers, read our job reviews to find out Reviews by Scheme Internship Reviews Placement Reviews Graduate Job Reviews Insight & Vacation Scheme Reviews Apprenticeship Reviews Degree Apprenticeship Reviews Level 2 Apprenticeship Reviews Level 3 Apprenticeship Reviews Level 4/5 Apprenticeship Reviews Companies All Companies Search for companies to learn more about their culture, read job reviews written by students, and discover the latest job opportunities they have to offer Top Employers Each year, we rank the employers leading the way in apprenticeship, undergraduate and graduate schemes - voted for entirely by your student job reviews Advice Explore Industries Accounting Careers Banking Careers Business Careers Engineering Careers Finance Careers IT & Technology Careers Legal & Law Careers Marketing Careers Public Sector Careers Retail & FMCG Careers Science & Research Careers View all Industries » Explore Schemes What is an Internship? What is a Placement? What is a Graduate Job? What is a Graduate Scheme? What is an Insight Scheme? What is an Off-Cycle Internship? What is an Apprenticeship? What is a Degree Apprenticeship? What is a Level 2 Apprenticeship? What is a Level 3 Apprenticeship? What is a Level 4 or 5 Apprenticeship? View all Schemes » All Careers Advice Educate yourself on your future career decisions Exploring Options Discover career paths that match your interests and strengths Application Tips Stand out with our CVs and application hacks Interview Tips Turn nerves into confidence and impress employers Student Life Make the most of your university or school experience Working Life Navigate your first job with ease University Hub Resources for university careers advisors and their students Schools Hub Supporting your students with post-16 options Home / Jobs / BlackRock / Summer Internship Programme - EMEA 2027 at BlackRock Summer Internship Programme - EMEA 2027 at BlackRock About 4.7/5 Summary Job Description Job Details Deadline: 30th September 2026 Salary: Competitive Job Type: Internship (1 Month+) Job Roles: Finance Investment Banking Locations: Edinburgh London Job Description Our Summer Internship Programme is an eight-week internship taking place June through August. This programme is designed to provide students with a challenging, meaningful and supportive internship experience that replicates, as closely as possible, the experience of being a full-time BlackRock Analyst. The programme begins with an orientation that offers a thorough overview of the firm and the opportunity to hear from a number of senior leaders. Following orientation, interns receive on-the-job training and are given day-to-day responsibilities to contribute to their teams throughout the summer. Programming also features a speaker series, mentoring and various networking opportunities, including activities with our employee networks. If you enjoy this programme, you should explore our Full-Time Analyst Programme, which you can consider applying to after your internship. Who can apply: Candidates should be in their penultimate year of studies and graduating from an undergraduate or a master’s degree program in 2028. We welcome applications from candidates studying any degree subject. Local language fluency is required to work at our Continental Europe locations. Only English is required for Budapest or for a position within Private Markets Investing in Zurich. Important: Candidates can apply for only one programme (e.g., Summer Internship Programme or Quantitative Master’s Internship Programme) and up to two functions within that programme (e.g., Investment Research and Analytics & Modeling). You must apply for both opportunities using the same programme application. If you withdraw your application, you cannot submit another application this program this year. Next steps: Once you submit your application, you will receive an email to complete a pre-interview assessment. You have up to five days to submit your pre-interview assessment; if you fail to do so, your application will be automatically withdrawn. Application Deadlines: London, Edinburgh – 30 September 2026 Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis so we encourage you to apply early. EU Pay Transparency Directive: You can view the EMEA 2027 Internship Salary Ranges document to view the salary ranges for applicable business areas and locations. BlackRock is an Equal Opportunities Employer and is committed to hiring and treating all employees fairly. How to apply To apply for this role and to find out more, please click on the apply button. Please note that applications may close before the application deadline, so apply early to avoid disappointment. Job Details Deadline: 30th September 2026 Salary: Competitive Job Type: Internship (1 Month+) Job Roles: Finance Investment Banking Locations: Edinburgh London About BlackRock At BlackRock, we help people build better financial futures. As the world’s largest asset manager, we partner with investors around the globe to support for life’s most important goals. From saving for retirement and buying a first home to funding education and planning for the future. View Company Profile Company Rating 4.7 /5 Rating based on 30 Reviews This score is based on honest feedback written by students who’ve worked at BlackRock. See All Reviews Client and Product Summer Internship Programme 2027 at BlackRock Internship (1 Month+) Competitive Edinburgh, London View Job Analyst Graduate Programme - EMEA 2027 at BlackRock Graduate Scheme Competitive Edinburgh, London View Job Placement Programme - EMEA 2027 at BlackRock Placement (10 Months+) Competitive Edinburgh, London View Job Client and Product Spring Insight Event - EMEA 2027 at BlackRock Insight / Vacation Scheme (< 4 Weeks) London View Job Spring Insight Event - EMEA 2027 at BlackRock Insight / Vacation Scheme (< 4 Weeks) Edinburgh, London View Job View More Jobs Join the Higherin Community Save Time Easily add jobs from Higherin or external platforms to keep everything organised. Personalised Alerts Get tailored job recommendations and updates straight to your inbox. Exclusive Features Access tools like application tracking, deadline reminders, and saved searches. Stay Ahead Be the first to know about the latest opportunities and deadlines. Completely Free Create an account and unlock powerful features at no cost. Start Exploring Search for Jobs Job Reviews Companies Top Apprenticeship Employers Top Graduate Employers Top Undergraduate Employers Help & Support Contact Us Report a Problem For Employers Promote Internships Hire Apprentices Recruit Graduates Brand Ambassadors Employer Branding Activations Privacy & Legal Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our Company About Us Higherin Academy Careers higherin.careers higherin.apprenticeships 2026 Higherin. All rights reserved.