Actuarial | PwC UK Careers Skip to content Skip to footer Early careers Experienced careers Flexible or contractor careers Working at PwC Our people, their stories. More Search Menu Early careers Early careers Applying and FAQs Employability hub Entry level Graduate Our events Our job search Training and development Undergraduate Menu Early careers Applying and FAQs Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessment and selection process Do you need immigration authorisation to work in the UK? FAQs The behaviours we look for Menu Early careers Employability hub Menu Early careers Entry level Entry level programmes Flying Start degree programmes New World. New Skills. Virtual Insight Programme Menu Early careers Graduate Advisory and Consulting Audit, Accounting, Tax and Finance Legal Services Strategy Technology and AI Menu Early careers Our events Virtual Classroom Menu Early careers Our job search Menu Early careers Training and development Menu Early careers Undergraduate Diversity Programmes Legal Summer Vacation Scheme Summer Internship Undergraduate Work Placement Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Experienced careers Experienced careers Application support Careers toolkit Partner recruitment Search all jobs Menu Experienced careers Application support Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessments - what to expect Our application experience PwC sponsorship and working permits Recruitment agencies The behaviours we look for Menu Experienced careers Careers toolkit Menu Experienced careers Partner recruitment Menu Experienced careers Search all jobs Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Flexible careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible careers Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Working at PwC Working at PwC Career development Discover our UK offices Inclusion Our business areas Our people. Their stories Reward and benefits Wellbeing at PwC Menu Working at PwC Career development Menu Working at PwC Discover our UK offices Menu Working at PwC Inclusion Menu Working at PwC Our business areas Actuarial Audit Business Solutions Consulting Deals Legal Operate Tax Technology Menu Working at PwC Our people. Their stories Menu Working at PwC Reward and benefits Menu Working at PwC Wellbeing at PwC Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Our people, their stories. Our people, their stories. Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Loading Results No Match Found View All Results We provide insights and solutions for all businesses that face significant and complex risk. Careers in Actuarial Supporting clients through uncertain times - we analyse how future events could affect them, and calculate the impact these events could have on their organisation. This could include the impact of changing demographics, legislation on pension schemes, changes in financial markets, or how likely that organisation is to be hit by an earthquake. Working in Actuarial We’re a blend of actuaries, data scientists and advanced analytics professionals. We’re unique in our ability to work collaboratively with experts across other teams - from Tax, Accounting, Business Recovery and Deals. As part of a large and multidisciplinary business, we offer a diverse range of projects and opportunities to work on, and innovative technologies to work with. Explore our teams Life Insurance We work with life insurance companies to assess their economic, demographic or policyholder behaviour risks. After estimating the future impact, we advise and implement new ideas to manage these risks. General Insurance From homes to hurricanes, we work with general insurance companies to calculate the impact of events. These could include car and home insurance, to far-reaching events like natural catastrophes, terrorism or cyber-attacks. Banking We work with investment and retail banks to provide insights into the risks they face and advise on how to manage these. Pensions Using our market-leading analytics tools and expertise, we advise ways our clients can reduce the shortfall in their defined pension schemes, review their investment strategy and financial risks, or design new options to help their people save for retirement. Reward and Employment Using financial modeling and analytical techniques to develop and test reward structures, we help our clients incentivise and reward their employees in the most effective way for their business. Join our Actuarial practice Explore early career opportunities Explore experienced opportunities Explore our other business areas Business areas Join our Talent Community Sign up Follow PwC UK Careers Working at PwC Inclusion Reward and benefits Discover our UK offices Our People. Their Stories. Talent Community Alumni Our Business Actuarial Audit Consulting Deals Business Solutions Legal Operate Risk Tax Technology Early Careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Event search Job search Employability hub Training and development Applying and FAQs Experienced Careers Our job search Careers toolkit Applying Partner Recruitment Flexible and contractor Our job search Flexible careers Contractor careers Join our Talent Community Your account © 2020 - 2026 PwC. All rights reserved. PwC refers to the PwC network and/or one or more of its member firms, each of which is a separate legal entity. Please see www.pwc.com/structure for further details. Privacy Statement Cookies info Legal Disclaimer About Site Provider Provision of Services Diversity Web Accessibility