Business Solutions | PwC UK Careers Skip to content Skip to footer Early careers Experienced careers Flexible or contractor careers Working at PwC Our people, their stories. More Search Menu Early careers Early careers Applying and FAQs Employability hub Entry level Graduate Our events Our job search Training and development Undergraduate Menu Early careers Applying and FAQs Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessment and selection process Do you need immigration authorisation to work in the UK? FAQs The behaviours we look for Menu Early careers Employability hub Menu Early careers Entry level Entry level programmes Flying Start degree programmes New World. New Skills. Virtual Insight Programme Menu Early careers Graduate Advisory and Consulting Audit, Accounting, Tax and Finance Legal Services Strategy Technology and AI Menu Early careers Our events Virtual Classroom Menu Early careers Our job search Menu Early careers Training and development Menu Early careers Undergraduate Diversity Programmes Legal Summer Vacation Scheme Summer Internship Undergraduate Work Placement Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Experienced careers Experienced careers Application support Careers toolkit Partner recruitment Search all jobs Menu Experienced careers Application support Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessments - what to expect Our application experience PwC sponsorship and working permits Recruitment agencies The behaviours we look for Menu Experienced careers Careers toolkit Menu Experienced careers Partner recruitment Menu Experienced careers Search all jobs Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Flexible careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible careers Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Working at PwC Working at PwC Career development Discover our UK offices Inclusion Our business areas Our people. Their stories Reward and benefits Wellbeing at PwC Menu Working at PwC Career development Menu Working at PwC Discover our UK offices Menu Working at PwC Inclusion Menu Working at PwC Our business areas Actuarial Audit Business Solutions Consulting Deals Legal Operate Tax Technology Menu Working at PwC Our people. Their stories Menu Working at PwC Reward and benefits Menu Working at PwC Wellbeing at PwC Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Our people, their stories. Our people, their stories. Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Loading Results No Match Found View All Results Powering PwC from the inside Careers in Business Solutions Our Business Solutions team sits at the heart of our organisation. Across our specialist teams, our collective strength lies in the diversity, knowledge and experience of our people. This expertise plays a pivotal role in shaping and delivering solutions that help to ensure that PwC thrives in an ever-changing business environment. We are Business Solutions Our collaborative approach enables innovation and growth. By working together and drawing on the skills of our people, we pioneer new ways of working across the firm. Within Business Solutions we pride ourselves on our supportive and inclusive culture. Our people are empowered to grow their skills and carve out a career that is unique to them. Playback of this video is not currently available 1:21 We are Business Solutions Our collaborative approach enables innovation and growth. By working together and drawing on the skills of our people, we pioneer new ways of working across the firm. Within Business Solutions we pride ourselves on our supportive and inclusive culture. Our people are empowered to grow their skills and carve out a car "Throughout my career in Business Solutions the diverse and varied opportunities have allowed me to grow and develop my career in many ways.” Brian Senior Manager, Internal IT “I love the environment at PwC as it makes it feel more than just coming into work to do your job. There’s a strong sense of community." Evie Manager, Sales and Marketing Explore our teams People Function We are trusted HR professionals, who are business focused and proactively drive all the 'People' related services across the firm, ensuring we have the right strategy, resources and technology. Sales and Marketing In sales and marketing we're responsible for everything from positioning the PwC brand in the market to helping the firm win an individual proposal. We're closely connected – within our function, with the partners and teams we support, more widely across the PwC global network, and with the clients and markets we serve together. Finance We provide a centralised range of services across different areas of our business to drive sustainable, profitable growth. Finance is diverse, and you’ll find our teams working across all lines of service. Tech Central We play an essential part of making our human-led, tech-powered approach a reality. Whether it's working on projects for our internal teams or our clients, our agile team of technologists are making change happen. Risk and Office General Counsel As trusted advisors, we advise PwC partners and staff to help inform decisions across a range of professional and regulatory issues, enabling and protecting our growing and evolving business. Integrated Services Integrated Services; enabling the firm’s growth through connecting people, process and technology to simplify the user experience and make it easier for our people. This includes delivering large scale technology projects, managing relationships and payments with third parties, executive support across the firm, managing payroll and more. Internal Audit We are a team of objective assurance specialists who support the business to manage risk and protect the PwC brand. We strive to achieve the highest standards of governance, risk management and control. Corporate Sustainability We are responsible for creating and delivering the firm's ambitious sustainability strategy to maintain our leading position as a responsible business. Partner Office We support partners as a group of specialists. We cover admissions, tax and financial planning, income, coaching and development, retirement, mobility, benefits and the legal aspects of being a partner. Corporate Affairs The Corporate Affairs team work to manage PwC's reputation, enhance stakeholder engagement, and support the firm's evolving business priorities. In doing so, the team take a proactive stance on the issues the firm stands for, ensuring the focus is aligned to working with relevant experts in order to maximise opportunities aligned with our commercial priorities. Are you ready to join the people who power us? Explore experienced opportunities Explore our other business areas Business areas Join our Talent Community Sign up Follow PwC UK Careers Working at PwC Inclusion Reward and benefits Discover our UK offices Our People. Their Stories. Talent Community Alumni Our Business Actuarial Audit Consulting Deals Business Solutions Legal Operate Risk Tax Technology Early Careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Event search Job search Employability hub Training and development Applying and FAQs Experienced Careers Our job search Careers toolkit Applying Partner Recruitment Flexible and contractor Our job search Flexible careers Contractor careers Join our Talent Community Your account © 2020 - 2026 PwC. All rights reserved. PwC refers to the PwC network and/or one or more of its member firms, each of which is a separate legal entity. Please see www.pwc.com/structure for further details. Privacy Statement Cookies info Legal Disclaimer About Site Provider Provision of Services Diversity Web Accessibility