State Street at Sibos 2026 | State Street We are sorry - we can’t find the page you are looking for. × The page you were looking for may no longer be available or may not be available in your country, language or to your investor type. Please use the website navigation or site search at the top of the page to find content similar to what you were looking for. Contact us Company websites Careers Newsroom Investors State Street Investment Management CRD Insights Solutions About Insights Solutions About Contact us Company websites Careers Newsroom Investors State Street Investment Management CRD Select a location Select a Country Select your role Select Role Global Privacy Notice Cookie Disclosure Insights State Street at Sibos 2026 Miami, September 28 – October 1 Executives 2026 delegation Connect with us at Sibos Our participation Our insights Digital finance for AI-driven economies Artificial intelligence (AI) is reshaping global finance — helping institutions move faster, manage risk more effectively, and operate more securely. At Sibos, we’ll contribute to the industry’s most important conversations, advancing resilient, interoperable systems that define trust, stability, and unlock new opportunities in an AI-driven economy. Book a meeting Executives Ron O’Hanley Chairman and CEO Read biography Donna Milrod Chief Product Officer Read biography Manoj Bohra Chief Data and AI Officer Read biography Chris Rowland Head of Custody, Digital and Fund Services Product Read biography Sarah Salih Head of North America for Investment Services Read biography Mike Butler Chief Resiliency Officer Read biography Taryn Siglain Global Head of Financing and Portfolio Solutions, State Street Markets Read biography 2026 delegation Angus Fletcher Global Head of Digital Asset Solutions Richard Hamilton Head of Global Sustainability Office Dan Hickey Global Head of Custody Product and Network Management Jonathan Main US Relationship Management and Global Cash Products distribution lead, State Street Investment Management Michael Perkins Head of the Americas Network Management Arthur Reyes Global Cash Director, State Street Investment Management Lisa Rossi Global Head of Enterprise Strategies for Cash Products Kevin Zimmerman Relationship Management and Cash Products distribution efforts, North America, State Street Investment Management Connect with us at Sibos Visit us at booth J058, opposite the Swift stand Schedule an on-site meeting Media contacts Our participation View from the top with Ron O’Hanley, in conversation with Jonathan Watkins, Managing Editor of Global Custodian Ron O’Hanley discusses how AI and digital finance are reshaping investment and the infrastructure required to support clients at scale. Monday, September 28 1:30 – 2:00 p.m. ET Conference Stage 1 Beyond DEI: Building a human capital edge for workforce resilience Lisa Rossi Tuesday, September 29 09:00 – 09:45 a.m. ET Conference Stage 3 Tokenization is a means to an end: The business models that actually matter In this session, Angus Fletcher examines the business models that tokenization makes possible and what they mean for asset managers, asset owners, and the infrastructure providers that serve them. Tuesday, September 29 10:45 – 11:15 a.m. ET Exhibitor Stage 2 Agentic capital markets: When AI becomes the counterparty As AI advances, autonomous agents are evolving from behind-the-scenes tools into active market participants. Manoj Bohra explores how these systems can execute complex transactions independently and what it means when software becomes a financial counterparty. Wednesday, September 30 4:15 – 5:00 p.m. ET Conference Stage 3 ESG strategy in financial services: Navigating regulatory and geopolitical complexity Richard Hamilton Thursday, October 1 10:45 – 11:30 a.m. ET Swift Conference Stage (SCS) Our insights Building trust in digital market infrastructure: The role of tokenized MMFs Tokenized MMFs are reshaping markets, improving collateral mobility, settlement efficiency and liquidity management — if regulatory trust keeps pace. Read more Rethinking the AI dividend: A framework for institutional investors We examine the relationship between AI and data strategy to reveal why micro-level AI deployments may offer the most effective path to capturing the full AI dividend. Read more Interest-bearing stablecoins and macroeconomic stability We analyze the financial stability and portfolio implications of interest-bearing stablecoins under emerging US regulation, including effects on bank funding, run risk, and digital dollarization. Read more Private Markets Study 2026: Resilience meets opportunity Amid evolving market conditions, private markets demonstrate resilience, revealing how leading firms are scaling access while navigating increased complexity. Read more Three essentials for data-driven success in modern investment management In a panel discussion, Chris Rowland and David Eshenower discussed the implications of our recent Data Opportunity report for institutional investors. Read more Stay updated Please send me State Street’s latest Insights. First Name Please enter correct first name Last Name Please enter correct last name Email Address Please enter correct email address Organization Please enter correct organization By checking this box, I consent to receive future research reports, publications, newsletters, event communications, announcements and other commercial electronic messages regarding products and services from State Street Corporation and its affiliates and subsidiaries (“State Street”). I also consent to the collection and use of my personal information shared on this form as outlined in State Street’s Marketing Disclosure Statement. I understand that my consent, above, does not apply to any communications from, or personal information I may share with, State Street Investment Management. I understand that I can opt out of future communications at any time using the “Unsubscribe” feature available in all emails I receive from State Street. Sign up for updates Thank you for contacting State Street. This message confirms that we have received your message and have routed it to the appropriate business area. We will make every effort to respond to you as soon as possible. Confirm Thank you for contacting State Street. This message confirms that we have received your message and have routed it to the appropriate business area. We will make every effort to respond to you as soon as possible. Twitter LinkedIn YouTube SPDR Blog © [[]] %%State Street Corporation%%. All rights reserved.