2027 - Investment Banking - Client Financing Solutions - Summer Internship - London - Nomura Global Campus Skip to content Toggle navigation Login | Register Home Student Opportunities Events Help Center Login | Register 2027 - Investment Banking - Client Financing Solutions - Summer Internship - London Region EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) Division Investment Banking Location London Program type Internship Level Analyst Job description Who we are Nomura is a global financial services group with an integrated network spanning over 30 countries. By connecting markets East & West, Nomura services the needs of individuals, institutions, corporates and governments through our three business divisions: Retail, Wholesale (Global Markets and Investment Banking) and Investment Management. Driven by the insights of some 26,000 people worldwide, we put our clients at the centre of everything we do, delivering unparalleled access to, from and within Asia. Investment Banking overview: Nomura’s Investment Banking Division provides advisory and capital-raising solutions to corporations, financial institutions, governments and public-sector organizations around the world. Our global teams act as geographic, product and industry specialists. We connect clients directly to Asia, accessing deep pools of liquidity and dynamic growth markets. In EMEA, we operate across targeted industry sectors and in most major European countries to deliver strategic advice to clients wishing to acquire, combine or sell businesses or looking for financing and risk management solutions. Programme overview: Internships are a great opportunity to experience first-hand the possibilities of a career in banking. It is your chance to get a feel for our culture, create new networks and gain valuable on-the-job training. Internships are also the perfect preparation for a subsequent full time role. Nomura will extend full time offers to strong performers. What’s your role? We offer a nine-week Summer Internship for penultimate and final year students interested in learning about the banking business. The programme will provide you with the opportunity to develop your technical knowledge, gain valuable on-the-job training, understand our culture and create new networks. The first week of the internship is class-room based training which is provided to enhance your key technical skills and will enable you to perform on the desk during the internship. Following the training week, you will join one of our Client Financing & Solutions (CFS) Teams for the remaining of the internship and complete tasks at a similar level of a first year Analyst. At the end of the internship, strong performers will receive offers to join our Graduate Programme. Additional sessions during the internship include soft skill sessions, product presentations, business overviews as well as social events. CFS Teams Nomura’s CFS division specialise in providing financing advisory services to clients through several different product streams: Acquisition & Leveraged Finance – provides debt financing for high profile private equity and corporate clients across a wide range of industries and geographies Debt Capital Markets – Bridging Investment Banking with Global Markets, the DCM team connects borrowers with investors by providing advice to both regular and new debt issuers on structuring and placing fixed income transactions in the international bond markets Debt Capital Markets Syndicate – Private side trading desk which works in close collaboration with DCM and Global Markets in the issuance of bonds Insurance Solutions Group – ISG originates, structures and executes bespoke credit and reinsurance solutions for clients – both sponsor-backed and strategics – across the insurance spectrum (Life, Non-Life, Insurance Linked Securities). Focus on innovative, attractive risk-return transactions that provide compelling insurance capital benefit or bridging to significant corporate finance events Risk Solutions Group – RSG is a market leader in the origination and execution of tailor-made hedging solutions for Nomura’s investment banking client base across private equity and infrastructure. The team works directly with clients to implement strategies to manage and minimise the impact of interest rate fluctuations, foreign exchange uncertainties and inflation risks that are associated with M&A and refinancing transactions What are we looking for? At Nomura our goal is to attract and develop exceptionally talented people who share our passion for individual excellence and our commitment to teamwork. We recruit students with a high level of academic and extra-curricular achievement, who will be able to withstand the rigours of a rapidly changing, demanding but ultimately rewarding environment. To apply to this role, you should be in your final or penultimate year at university. Fluency in English is essential. How to apply Please note that you can only submit one application per recruitment year (Sept 2026 – Aug 2027) and all applications must be submitted online via www.nomura.com/careers To apply for a 2027 Summer Internship position, candidates should be available for full time employment in July 2027 or 2028. We accept applications for this programme from penultimate year students (graduating 2028) and final year students graduating 2027. Deadline dates & Visa sponsorship Application deadline: 1st December 2026 We recruit on a rolling basis and encourage applicants to apply early. Please note Nomura do accept and consider applications from overseas students from outside the UK and will provide support and assistance with the visa application process as best we can. For further information about Nomura, please visit www.nomura.com/careers Diversity & Inclusion Nomura is committed to an employment policy of equal opportunities, and is fundamentally opposed to any less favourable treatment accorded to existing or potential members of staff on the grounds of race, creed, colour, nationality, disability, marital status, pregnancy, gender or sexual orientation. If you require any assistance or reasonable adjustments due to a disability or long-term health condition, please do not hesitate to contact us. Right to Work The UK Government have taken steps to reduce net migration to the UK by limiting the number of overseas workers from outside the EEA coming to the UK for employment. Please note that whilst we are able to consider applications from overseas workers from outside the EEA (who require a Tier 2 (General) visa) we can only employ them if we can provide evidence that there are no other suitable candidates for this vacancy from inside the EEA. Please contact us if you are visiting our offices and require any form of personal assistance or physical adaptations to be provided for your appointment. A member of staff will be happy to help. View cookie / data protection and privacy policy Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Policy COPYRIGHT © NOMURA HOLDINGS, INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.