Northwest Discovery Insight Day 2027 at DLA Piper | Higherin DID YOU COMPLETE WORK EXPERIENCE THIS YEAR? IT'S TIME TO LEAVE A REVIEW Open menu Jobs Search all jobs Search and apply for internships, placements, graduate jobs, insights and apprenticeships University Students Internships Placements Graduate Jobs and Schemes Insights & Vacation Schemes Brand Ambassadors School Leavers Apprenticeships Degree Apprenticeships Level 2 Apprenticeships Level 3 Apprenticeships Level 4/5 Apprenticeships School Leaver Programmes Popular Searches Placements in London Internships in London Graduate Jobs in London Engineering Graduate Schemes Business Placements Finance Internships Marketing Placements Apprenticeships in London Business Apprenticeships Finance Apprenticeships Tech Apprenticeships Reviews Write A Review Share your experience of your apprenticeship, internship or placement to help future applicants make informed career decisions Read All Reviews What’s it like to work at your dream company? Written by university students and school leavers, read our job reviews to find out Reviews by Scheme Internship Reviews Placement Reviews Graduate Job Reviews Insight & Vacation Scheme Reviews Apprenticeship Reviews Degree Apprenticeship Reviews Level 2 Apprenticeship Reviews Level 3 Apprenticeship Reviews Level 4/5 Apprenticeship Reviews Companies All Companies Search for companies to learn more about their culture, read job reviews written by students, and discover the latest job opportunities they have to offer Top Employers Each year, we rank the employers leading the way in apprenticeship, undergraduate and graduate schemes - voted for entirely by your student job reviews Advice Explore Industries Accounting Careers Banking Careers Business Careers Engineering Careers Finance Careers IT & Technology Careers Legal & Law Careers Marketing Careers Public Sector Careers Retail & FMCG Careers Science & Research Careers View all Industries » Explore Schemes What is an Internship? What is a Placement? What is a Graduate Job? What is a Graduate Scheme? What is an Insight Scheme? What is an Off-Cycle Internship? What is an Apprenticeship? What is a Degree Apprenticeship? What is a Level 2 Apprenticeship? What is a Level 3 Apprenticeship? What is a Level 4 or 5 Apprenticeship? View all Schemes » All Careers Advice Educate yourself on your future career decisions Exploring Options Discover career paths that match your interests and strengths Application Tips Stand out with our CVs and application hacks Interview Tips Turn nerves into confidence and impress employers Student Life Make the most of your university or school experience Working Life Navigate your first job with ease University Hub Resources for university careers advisors and their students Schools Hub Supporting your students with post-16 options For Employers Sign In My Dashboard See new jobs and content matching your interests Application tracker Track your applications across multiple jobs My Reviews View your in progress or completed reviews Saved Items Managed your saved jobs and searches Account Update your profile to receive a better experience Visit Dashboard Sign out My Dashboard See new jobs and content matching your interests Application tracker Track your applications across multiple jobs My Reviews View your in progress or completed reviews Saved Items Managed your saved jobs and searches Account Update your profile to receive a better experience Create an account Sign in Close menu Jobs Search all jobs Search and apply for internships, placements, graduate jobs, insights and apprenticeships University Students Internships Placements Graduate Jobs and Schemes Insights & Vacation Schemes Brand Ambassadors School Leavers Apprenticeships Degree Apprenticeships Level 2 Apprenticeships Level 3 Apprenticeships Level 4/5 Apprenticeships School Leaver Programmes Popular Searches Placements in London Internships in London Graduate Jobs in London Engineering Graduate Schemes Business Placements Finance Internships Marketing Placements Apprenticeships in London Business Apprenticeships Finance Apprenticeships Tech Apprenticeships Reviews Write A Review Share your experience of your apprenticeship, internship or placement to help future applicants make informed career decisions Read All Reviews What’s it like to work at your dream company? Written by university students and school leavers, read our job reviews to find out Reviews by Scheme Internship Reviews Placement Reviews Graduate Job Reviews Insight & Vacation Scheme Reviews Apprenticeship Reviews Degree Apprenticeship Reviews Level 2 Apprenticeship Reviews Level 3 Apprenticeship Reviews Level 4/5 Apprenticeship Reviews Companies All Companies Search for companies to learn more about their culture, read job reviews written by students, and discover the latest job opportunities they have to offer Top Employers Each year, we rank the employers leading the way in apprenticeship, undergraduate and graduate schemes - voted for entirely by your student job reviews Advice Explore Industries Accounting Careers Banking Careers Business Careers Engineering Careers Finance Careers IT & Technology Careers Legal & Law Careers Marketing Careers Public Sector Careers Retail & FMCG Careers Science & Research Careers View all Industries » Explore Schemes What is an Internship? What is a Placement? What is a Graduate Job? What is a Graduate Scheme? What is an Insight Scheme? What is an Off-Cycle Internship? What is an Apprenticeship? What is a Degree Apprenticeship? What is a Level 2 Apprenticeship? What is a Level 3 Apprenticeship? What is a Level 4 or 5 Apprenticeship? View all Schemes » All Careers Advice Educate yourself on your future career decisions Exploring Options Discover career paths that match your interests and strengths Application Tips Stand out with our CVs and application hacks Interview Tips Turn nerves into confidence and impress employers Student Life Make the most of your university or school experience Working Life Navigate your first job with ease University Hub Resources for university careers advisors and their students Schools Hub Supporting your students with post-16 options Home / Jobs / DLA Piper / Northwest Discovery Insight Day 2027 at DLA Piper Northwest Discovery Insight Day 2027 at DLA Piper About 4.8/5 Summary Job Description Job Details Deadline: 6th October 2026 Start Date: 14th October Job Type: Insight / Vacation Scheme (< 4 Weeks) Job Roles: Business Operations Legal/Law Locations: Liverpool Manchester Job Description If you’re curious about life at DLA Piper, attending a Discovery Day is the ideal place to start. We’re a world of opportunity and the key to a global legal career. Designed to help you prepare for the future, our immersive events introduce you to the legal sector, our practice groups, and industry sectors. You'll gain practical insights, develop professional skills, and build the confidence to take the next step in your career journey. Discover how DLA Piper are redefining what a global law firm is. Gain valuable perspectives from our senior leaders on how DLA Piper is helping clients navigate change and shape the future, while discovering where a career with us could take you. You'll step into the role of a commercial lawyer through an interactive litigation workshop, where you'll tackle real-world legal scenarios, developing your commercial awareness. You'll experience the collaborative and high-performance mindset that underpins our work. Connect with the people driving change at DLA Piper through dedicated networking opportunities, where you'll gain first-hand insight into the work we do, the culture we've built and the opportunities available at DLA Piper. Explore our market-leading practice areas and sectors, gaining insight into how our lawyers advise clients on complex and high-profile matters. Get ahead in the application process with practical guidance on our Summer Internship programme, including advice on assessments and how to showcase your potential. By joining our Discovery Day, you'll take the first step towards your career with us - giving you the confidence to take the next step towards a world of opportunity, where law unlocks potential. Eligibility: Guidance for law students: You can apply for the event if you are: a second-year student on a three-year course, a third-year student on a four-year course or a final year student. Guidance for non-law students: You can apply for the event if you are a final year student. The Discovery Day is open to students from any degree background at universities across the UK. You are also eligible to apply if you are a graduate or career changer. Please note: The deadline to apply is 5pm when applications close. How to apply To apply for this role and to find out more, please click on the apply button. Please note that applications may close before the application deadline, so apply early to avoid disappointment. Job Details Deadline: 6th October 2026 Start Date: 14th October Job Type: Insight / Vacation Scheme (< 4 Weeks) Job Roles: Business Operations Legal/Law Locations: Liverpool Manchester About DLA Piper We’re redefining what an international law firm can be. With over 90 offices in more than 40 countries, we offer global careers without limits. At DLA Piper, you’ll find the most interesting work, experience the riches of other cultures, and enjoy the complexity of an interconnected world. View Company Profile Company Rating 4.8 /5 Rating based on 454 Reviews This score is based on honest feedback written by students who’ve worked at DLA Piper. See All Reviews Yorkshire Discovery Insight Day 2027 at DLA Piper Insight / Vacation Scheme (< 4 Weeks) Sheffield, Leeds View Job Birmingham Discovery Insight Day 2027 at DLA Piper Insight / Vacation Scheme (< 4 Weeks) Birmingham View Job Edinburgh Discovery Insight Day 2027 at DLA Piper Insight / Vacation Scheme (< 4 Weeks) Edinburgh View Job Summer Internship 2027 - London at DLA Piper Internship (1 Month+) London View Job Summer Internship 2027 - Nationwide at DLA Piper Internship (1 Month+) Sheffield, Liverpool, Manchester, Leeds, Edinburgh + 2 more. View Job View More Jobs Join the Higherin Community Save Time Easily add jobs from Higherin or external platforms to keep everything organised. Personalised Alerts Get tailored job recommendations and updates straight to your inbox. Exclusive Features Access tools like application tracking, deadline reminders, and saved searches. Stay Ahead Be the first to know about the latest opportunities and deadlines. Completely Free Create an account and unlock powerful features at no cost. Start Exploring Search for Jobs Job Reviews Companies Top Apprenticeship Employers Top Graduate Employers Top Undergraduate Employers Help & Support Contact Us Report a Problem For Employers Promote Internships Hire Apprentices Recruit Graduates Brand Ambassadors Employer Branding Activations Privacy & Legal Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our Company About Us Higherin Academy Careers higherin.careers higherin.apprenticeships 2026 Higherin. All rights reserved.