Lazard Student Skip to main content. sitemap Profile Sign Out View More Jobs 2027 London Asset Management Equity Research Internship London, United Kingdom (Hybrid) Job Description Lazard is one of the world’s preeminent financial advisory and asset management firms. Our people and culture make the difference. While global in presence and reach, ours is a close, collaborative community of just over 3,000 professionals. Lazard is a place of continuous knowledge sharing, skill development and relationship building, where professionals grow and succeed together. Our entrepreneurial culture, flat structure and embrace of individual differences, allow creative ideas, original concepts, and unique perspectives to drive our business forward — and for careers to take flight. The opportunityWe are excited to offer a unique opportunity to experience firsthand what it truly means to work as an Equity Research Analyst, immersing yourself in the Asset Management sector.We’re looking for individuals with a passion for learning, the courage to question conventional thinking, an analytical mindset, and a natural curiosity. Strong communication skills, and a collaborative spirit are essential traits for success in this role, across countries and activities.Our team takes great pride in developing interns who go on to become valuable contributors to our organisation. For outstanding interns, this programme could serve as a pathway to joining our team full-time after finishing your studies.The programme will run for 6 weeks from June to August and is based out of our London office. Our culture is uniqueOur culture is entrepreneurial and collegiate, with a strong focus on fundamental equity research. Analysts have the freedom to approach stock research in ways that best suit their sectors, enabling them to concentrate on uncovering top global investment opportunities for our clients.We value career analysts, offering a dedicated and respected career path within the organisation. Former interns have praised our approachable, supportive team and the genuine effort we make to help them learn and grow. What to expectMeaningful work: From day one, you will be entrusted with real responsibilities. Following an induction, you will be mentored by an experienced analyst who will guide you throughout the programmeSkill development: The internship offers a broad understanding of the key skills needed to succeed at our firm, including fundamental research, financial modeling, portfolio construction, and valuation. You’ll also gain exposure to other areas of our business.Company Analysis: As part of the programme, you’ll analyse a company and present a buy/sell recommendation to a panel of investors at the end of your internship.Learning and networking opportunities: You’ll also have opportunities to attend business, training, and social events, helping you learn about our company, the asset management industry, and build your professional network. ApplicationsWe are looking for students who are highly motivated, curious, with a strong academic record, and an interest in investing and how the world is changing and what makes companies successful (or not). Well-rounded candidates who bring diverse backgrounds, academic disciplines, and outside interest, are especially welcome.Our team includes analysts with degrees in diverse subjects, such as Geography, History, Maths and Physics. This variety of thought, approach and perspective is what brings such vitality to our debates. The programme is open to undergraduate students in their penultimate year of study. Levels: You must have ABB or higher (excluding general studies).Degree: A minimum predicted or obtained 2:1 classification (or equivalent for degrees outside the UK). Representation at LazardLazard is an intellectual capital business committed to delivering the best advice and solutions to clients. To achieve these objectives, we focus on attracting, developing and retaining the best talent. We believe that a workforce comprised of people who represent a wide array of backgrounds, experiences and perspectives creates a rich variety of thought that empowers us to challenge conventional wisdom, solve problems creatively and make better decisions. Lazard was built on the premise that a multicultural firm can best serve a global clientele. As a global firm that has grown organically from local roots in different countries, we have a deep tradition of respecting and appreciating individual differences. Doing so has been core to our success for over 175 years. We are committed to sustaining an environment where every colleague is supported in their professional pursuits, can maximize their individual potential and contribute to our collective success. Apply Now Job Info Job Identification 6674 Posting Date 29/09/2026, 14:05 Apply Before 22/10/2026, 23:00 Locations 20 Manchester Square, London, , W1U 3PZ, GB (Hybrid) © MapTiler © OpenStreetMap contributors Legend Jobs at a location Group of locations © MapTiler © OpenStreetMap contributors | © Oracle CorporationTermsLegal Notices Use control and scroll to zoom the map Use two fingers to move the map 20 Manchester Square, London, , W1U 3PZ, GB Copy to Clipboard Similar Jobs 2027 London Asset Management Sales & Marketing Internship London, United Kingdom (Hybrid) Posted on 29/09/2026 We are excited to offer a unique opportunity to experience firsthand what it truly means to work in Sales and Marketing, immersing yourself in the Asset Management sector. See More Jobs © Lazard Privacy Notice Terms Of Use Legal Notice Regulatory Disclosures Security and Fraud Awareness FOLLOW US I am an employee By clicking “Stay Opted-in”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Stay opted-in Reject All Manage Preferences Are You Still With Us? It seems you've been gone for a while. For security reasons we will end your session automatically in 03:00 unless you would like to continue working. End Session Continue Working Work Summary This summary is generated by AI Assist. Click inside the summary text box to make changes as necessary. 1000Required Discard Add Summary Page 2027 London Asset Management Equity Research Internship - Lazard Student Careers loaded