JPMC Candidate Experience page Skip to main content. sitemap Profile Sign Out View More Jobs 2027 Asset Management Investments - Summer Internship Program - London LONDON, LONDON, United Kingdom Apply Now Job Information Job Identification 210775295 Job Category Analysts Business Unit Asset & Wealth Management Posting Date 31/08/2026, 23:00 Locations 60 Victoria Embankment, London, Greater London, EC4Y 0JP, GB Apply Before 01/11/2026, 23:55 Job Schedule Full time Job Description Are you curious about portfolio management and investment strategies? We're looking for energetic, creative talent to join our global team of experts to develop innovative investment strategies for our clients. You'll have what you need to succeed – from training and mentorship from senior executives to projects that engage your skills. Working here means joining a collaborative, supportive team. We want your diverse perspective to help us innovate the next wave of products and solutions for our clients. As an Analyst in the Asset Management – Products Summer Internship Program, you will engage in a 9-week cross line of business experience that connects Asset Management and Wealth Management, broadening your educational exposure and expanding your J.P. Morgan network. You will start in London with a five-day orientation and training led by expert instructors and J.P. Morgan professionals, where you will learn about the firm's history, current operations, and future plans. The program is designed to equip you with technical and practical skills to ensure you are well-prepared. As the program is non-rotational, you will have the chance to build strong relationships with your team and contribute to real-time projects. Flexibility, quick learning, and sound judgment are key, and you will have the support of both junior and senior staff members to help you integrate and address any questions. You will also participate in a performance management process to set and track your goals. Additionally, you will gain insights into the firm through desk-based training, business presentations, and networking opportunities. Job responsibilities Collaborate with industry experts to develop investment solutions for our corporate, government, not-for-profit and clients worldwide Work with client portfolio managers, traders, research analysts, marketers and client advisors to understand and execute investments strategies Help build our clients’ futures while developing your own expertise in a dynamic team environmentParticipate in a performance management process where you will set and monitor your goals and objective Required qualifications, capabilities and skillsPenultimate year studentsExcellent verbal and written communication skillsConfidence and initiative to take on responsibility and manage your own projectsA strong interest in finance and asset management is essentialLogical thinking and quantitative skillsFlexibility, teamwork, strong interpersonal skills, and the ability to handle pressure Expected graduation date of January 2028 to July 2028 What You Can ExpectJ.P. Morgan Asset Management is a spearheading investment manager of choice for institutions, financial intermediaries and investors, worldwide. With a heritage of more than two centuries, a broad range of core and alternative strategies, and investment professionals operating in every major world market, we offer investment experience and insight that few other firms can match. Our teams have a clear focus on managing client assets and delivering strong risk-adjusted returns with leadership positions in America, the United Kingdom, Continental Europe, Asia, and Japan.The program is an opportunity to take your career to the next level through hands-on experience, relevant skills training and valuable professional networking. Alongside the learning curve of your main role, you’ll gain a different perspective of the firm through desk based training, business presentations and various networking opportunities. Based on your personal achievements, those who successfully complete the program may receive offers of full-time employment.You will be placed in one of the below teams for your 9 week Summer Internship:Alternatives: The JPMAM alternatives platform provides a spectrum of innovative investments that, when used correctly, can play a key role in generating new sources of return and portfolio diversification. Spanning real estate, real assets, private equity, private credit, hedge funds, and liquid alternatives, our solutions provide dynamic opportunities to meet our investors return objectives.Equities: We manage a broad range of equity investment strategies globally with dedicated portfolio managers, research analysts and traders who have expertise in helping clients of all sizes.ESG: We partner with our global investment and distribution teams to develop dedicated ESG research and thought leadershipFixed Income: We offer an array of debt solutions, including investment grade, high yield and emerging market debt.Liquidity: We help clients invest within a range of currencies, risk levels and durations, including taxable and tax-free money market funds, short-term fixed income funds and separately managed accounts.Multi-Asset Solutions: We utilize capital markets investing, strategic asset allocation, portfolio construction and risk management to develop portfolio solutions for our clients.Strategy: We shape and position our entire product range at JPM Asset Management across all asset classes (equities, fixed income, liquidity, multi-asset and alternatives) working across all product and sales teams, and also help to drive our ESG agenda. Application Deadline1 November 2026We will be filling our classes on a rolling basis. We strongly encourage you to submit your application as early as possible before job postings close. Join UsAt JPMorgan Chase, we're creating positive change for the diverse communities we serve. We do this by championing your innovative ideas through a supportive and collaborative culture that helps you every step of the way as you build your career. If you're passionate, curious and ready to make an impact, we're looking for you. What’s next?Help us learn about you by submitting a complete and thoughtful application, which includes your resume. Your application and resume is a way for us to initially get to know you, so it’s important to complete all relevant application questions so we have as much information about you as possible.To start the application, you will be prompted to enter your email address. Your email address will be used to create and maintain your profile so make sure it is one you will have long term access to. Do not use an email address with “.edu” extension as doing so could result in delays receiving updates regarding your candidacy.After you confirm your application, we will review it to figure out whether you meet certain required qualifications.If you are advanced to the next step of the process, you’ll receive an email invitation to complete a video interview, powered by HireVue. This is your opportunity to further bring your resume to life and showcase your experience for our recruiting team and hiring managers.HireVue is required, and your application will not be considered for further review until you have completed it. We strongly encourage that you apply and complete the required elements as soon as possible, since programs will close as positions are filled. JPMorgan Chase is committed to creating an inclusive work environment that respects all people for their unique skills, backgrounds and professional experiences. We strive to hire qualified, diverse candidates, and we will provide reasonable accommodations for known disabilities.Visit jpmorganchase.com/careers for upcoming events, career advice, our locations and more. About Us J.P. Morgan is a global leader in financial services, providing strategic advice and products to the world’s most prominent corporations, governments, wealthy individuals and institutional investors. Our first-class business in a first-class way approach to serving clients drives everything we do. We strive to build trusted, long-term partnerships to help our clients achieve their business objectives. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. We also make reasonable accommodations for applicants’ and employees’ religious practices and beliefs, as well as mental health or physical disability needs. Visit our FAQs for more information about requesting an accommodation. Apply Now Similar Jobs 2027 Asset Management - Risk Summer Internship Program - London LONDON, LONDON, United Kingdom Posted on 31/08/2026 Asset Management internship in Private Bank Risk Solutions for global clients, targeting students graduating January - July 2028. 2027 Commercial & Investment Banking - Risk Management Program - Summer Internship - London LONDON, LONDON, United Kingdom Posted on 31/08/2026 Lead risk solutions, expand product expertise, and grow through training, mentorship, and impactful projects in a collaborative team. 2027 Global Investment Banking Analyst Program - Summer Internship - London LONDON, LONDON, United Kingdom Posted on 31/08/2026 Drive innovation in a dynamic internship with training, mentorship, and real experience supporting client growth and risk management. 2027 Global Private Bank - Investment Solutions Summer Internship Program - London LONDON, LONDON, United Kingdom Posted on 31/08/2026 Collaborate with advisors as a summer intern in our Private Bank. Perfect for students graduating between January 2028 and July 2028. . Privacy & Terms Privacy & Security Terms of Use Cookie Policy . Equal Opportunities Recruitment Scams Warning . Useful Links chase.com jpmorganchase.com jpmorgan.com . Careers at Chase Careers in the Philippines © 2024 JPMorgan Chase & Co. All rights reserved. JPMorgan Chase & Co. is an equal opportunity employer and affirmative action employer Disability/Veteran. GLOBAL / 日本語 / 中文 Careers Students How we hire Work with us Grow with us I am an employee IMPORTANT NOTICE: PLEASE READ CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE Privacy Notice Accept Decline Manage Preferences Are You Still With Us? It seems you've been gone for a while. For security reasons we will end your session automatically in 03:00 unless you would like to continue working. End Session Continue Working Work Summary This summary is generated by AI Assist. Click inside the summary text box to make changes as necessary. 1000Required Discard Add Summary Page 2027 Asset Management Investments - Summer Internship Program - London - JPMC Candidate Experience page Careers loaded Digital AssistantAsk Me Something