Student terms of use and privacy policy | Group GTI Skip to content Close Employers For Employers Talent Intelligence Student Insight Data Management Advice and Consultancy Attraction & Sourcing Role Simulations Brand, Attraction & Hiring Student Events & Awards Ambassadors & Influencers Managed Attraction Social Agency Talent Acquisition Platform​ Conversational Pre-Screen​ Candidate Management ATS Assessment Centre Prepare, Keep Warm, Pre-Skill​ Services Recruitment Process Outsourcing​ Recruitment Sourcing Agency​ Screening, Interviewing & Assessors​ Work Experience for Schools​ Intern Visas Educators For Educators Student Insights Careers and Employability Mental Health Data Management Careers Platform Career Services CRM Experiential Learning International Student Support Student Services Platform Student Services CRM Student Hub Personal Academic Tutoring Events Students Company About us Join us Breakfast News​ Updates Student Events & Programmes Student Awards Undergraduate of the Year Awards (UK) Undergraduate of the Year Awards (Ireland) Future Apprentice of the Year Awards (UK) Industry Awards​ targetjobs Awards gradireland Awards AHECS​ AI Ethics​ Let's talk Employers Educators Events Students Company Let's talk Employers End-to-End hiring platform and services More Talent intelligence​ Student Insight​ Advice and consultancy​ Data Management Attraction & Sourcing​ Brand, Attraction & Hiring Role Simulations​ Student events & awards​ Ambassadors & Influencers​ Managed Attraction​ Social Agency Talent Acquisition Platform​ Conversational Pre-Screen​ Candidate Management ATS​ Assessment Centre ​ Prepare, keep warm, Pre-Skill​ Services Recruitment Process Outsourcing​ Recruitment Sourcing Agency​ Work Experience for Schools​ Screening, Interviewing & Assessors​ Intern Visas​ Educators Careers, Student Services and Work-Based Learning platform More Student Insight​ Careers and employability​ Mental Health​ Data Management​ Careers platform​ Career Services CSM​ Work Integrated Learning International Student Support​ Student Services platform​ Student Services CRM​ Student Hub ​ Personal Academic Tutoring About us A bit about what drives us, our values and history​ Join us Interested in joining the team? Find out more ​Breakfast News Bringing together educators, employers and students, technologists and new voices to help us all learn Updates Blog, news, research and thought pieces Student Events & Programmes Events to meet relevant pre-screened students Student Awards Programmes to find outstanding future graduates and apprentices Undergraduate of the Year Awards (UK) Undergraduate of the Year Awards (Ireland) Future Apprentice of the Year Awards (UK) Industry Awards Emerging Talent awards for employers and educators, judged by students and industry leaders targetjobs Awards gradireland Awards AHECS GTI’s partnership with AHECS in Ireland AI Ethics Our guiding principles in using AI TABLE OF CONTENTS loading... Student terms of use and privacy policy Date last updated : 26 th May 2026 To read our Privacy Policy, click here . 1. GTI Websites and Content 1.1 The following are owned and operated by GTI ("the Sites"): targetjobs.co.uk; targetjobsawards.co.uk; undergraduateoftheyear.com; gradireland.com (Ireland); This list is not exclusive and may from time to time include other sites owned and operated by GTI as well as any content from these sites that are made available to other GTI systems or services. 1.2 Further information about GTI's websites here . 1.3 The Sites are owned and operated by GTI Futures Limited or other members of Group GTI Limited and made available on the following terms and conditions. By accessing and using the Sites you accept these terms and conditions which shall be interpreted according to the laws of England 1.4 If you have any comments about the Sites please contact contact@targetjobs.co.uk for the UK, or contact@gradireland.com for Ireland or call +44 (0)1491 826262 1.5 GTI's websites contain Ordnance Survey data © Crown copyright and database right 2010, and Royal Mail data © Royal Mail copyright and database right 2010. Town and location names used on GTI's websites are made available under a Creative Commons by-sa 2.5 licence . 2. Changes to GTI's Sites 2.1 GTI may at any time make alterations to or withdraw any part of its Sites 2.2 GTI may revise these terms of use/privacy policy at any time. You are expected to check this page from time to time and take notice of any changes made which will bind you as from the date of such change Terms of use 3. Intellectual Property 3.1 GTI is the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in the Sites and in the material published on the Sites. All such works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved 3.2 Copyright of content produced in association with Graduate Futures Institute (GFI) is jointly owned by Graduate Futures Institute and GTI Futures. To seek permission to use this content in any other way than that specified in point please email Graduate Futures Institute www.graduatefutures.org 4. Licence 4.1 GTI grants you a non-exclusive licence to access and use the content in any of GTI's Sites for your personal purposes. You may not reproduce or distribute any part of the content for commercial purposes 4.2 You acknowledge that the copyright, database rights and all other intellectual property rights comprised in or relating to this Site and in the data it contains belong to GTI 5. Access Access to GTI's Sites is permitted on a temporary basis. GTI reserves the right to withdraw or amend the services or facilities provided on the Sites without notice. GTI will not be liable if for any reason any Site is unavailable at any time for any period 6. Acceptable Use 6.1 You agree not to submit to any of GTI's Sites any material which: 6.1.1 is libellous, defamatory, fraudulent, invasive of privacy, obscene, pornographic or harassing; 6.1.2 infringes any intellectual property rights (including copyrights) of any third party; 6.1.3 violates any law or regulation; 6.1.4 advocates illegal activity; 6.1.5 advertises or solicits funds for goods or services; 6.1.6 contains viruses 6.2 You agree not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt: 6.2.1 any part of our Sites; 6.2.2 any equipment or network on our Sites; 6.2.3 any software used in our Sites; 6.2.4 any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party accessed via our Sites 6.3 Failure to comply with these terms of use will be regarded as a material breach and may result in GTI taking all or any of the following actions: 6.3.1 Immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use GTI Sites; 6.3.2 Legal action; 6.3.3 Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as GTI reasonably feels necessary 7. Limitation of Liability 7.1 GTI excludes all warranties, express or implied relating to any of GTI's Sites. This includes, but is not limited to, any implied warranty that the information it contains is accurate or up-to-date or is suitable for any particular purpose. GTI shall not be liable for any loss or damage suffered as the result of the use of any of GTI's Sites 7.2 In relation to content produced in association with GFI the views are those of authors and not necessarily those of GFI or GTI Futures. The information is as accurate as can be at time of publishing but we give no warranties as to the validity or completeness of information and we’re under no obligation to notify anyone of any errors. We accept no responsibility for any use of the advice or information in our material and won’t be liable to anyone for any loss or damage which may arise from use of the material 7.3 Assistance given by means of any Help Desk facility shall be solely at your risk 7.4 GTI does not control the material posted by any third party and can accept no liability for any material which is inaccurate, misleading, offensive, defamatory, obscene or otherwise incorrect 7.5 GTI's Sites may, from time to time, contain links to and from third party websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that they have their own terms of use and privacy policies and that GTI does not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites 7.6 You agree to indemnify and hold GTI and its employees and agents harmless from and against any claims, actions or demands including without limitation reasonable legal fees arising from your use of any of GTI's Sites or your breach of these terms 8. Use of Data Information that GTI collects from users of any Sites will be stored by GTI on servers in the UK or European Economic Area and may be used in the following ways: 8.1 Subscription Services Personal information provided by you as part of the registration process for any service is used to manage your subscription and to enable us to provide a better service 8.2 Payment Details GTI use WorldPay for the fulfilment of transactions to GTI for services rendered. Payment details including your credit or debit card numbers, expiry date and billing address will be used by us to process the transaction. These details will not be stored by GTI as use of the information is for the purpose of the transaction only 8.3 Security Your personal data will be held on GTI's secure servers located in our datacentre. These servers are managed by GTI and built to comply with the best practice in internet security. GTI use two types of cookies on our websites to make the user experience as fast and convenient as possible. You have the ability to accept or decline these cookies by modifying the settings in your browser. For more information about cookies, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org 8.4 Anonymous Data Collection From time to time GTI collects anonymous data about website traffic analytics and user behaviour patterns. This data cannot be connected to specific named users, and is used only for our internal research purposes and is never disclosed to third parties. GTI Futures Ltd. Registered Number 02347472. 240 Blackfriars Road, London, SE1 8NW GTI Futures targetjobs gradireland Sitemap Home Employers Educators Students About Us Blog Careers Products targetconnect targetjobs gradireland Cibyl Intern Visa Locations London First Floor (South) 240 Blackfriars Road London SE1 8NW, UK Tel: +44 (0)20 7654 7204 Dublin 14–16 Lord Edward Street Dublin D02 YC63, Ireland Tel: +353 (0)1 645 1500 Oxfordshire Kestrel House Howbery Park Wallingford OX10 8BA, UK Tel: +44 (0)1491 826262 © Group GTI 2026 Terms and conditions for advertisers Terms and conditions for students Privacy Policy About our cookies Accessibility