Job Application for Data Science Manager at Monzo Back to jobs Data Science Manager Cardiff, London or Remote (UK) Apply 🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ 📍London or UK remote | 💰 £100,000 to £130,000 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance + Benefits | Technology - Data ⭐ About Data at Monzo Data is at the heart of how we make decisions and build products at Monzo. Our Data teams bring together Data Science, Analytics Engineering, Data Analytics and Machine Learning, working closely with Product, Engineering and other teams across the business. Our Data Scientists are embedded within product and business areas across Monzo, where they use experimentation, causal inference, statistical modelling, machine learning and analytics to understand our customers, identify opportunities and influence the direction of our products and strategy. As a Data Science Manager , you'll lead a team of Data Scientists and other Data professionals within one of these areas, combining people leadership with strategic data leadership and close partnership with senior stakeholders. 🔑 You'll play a key role by... You’ll work closely with Product, Engineering and senior leaders to ensure data plays a central role in how we understand problems, make decisions and develop our products. You'll lead and develop a team of talented Data Scientists, helping them do their best work while setting a high bar for analytical quality and impact. You'll provide strategic direction across complex problems, help teams identify where Data Science can have the greatest impact, and ensure insights translate into meaningful decisions and product changes. We have a strong culture of data-driven decision making across Monzo. We're big believers in powerful, accessible analytics and empowering teams across the business to answer questions themselves. Around 90% of our day-to-day data-driven decisions are supported by self-serve analytics through Looker, giving our Data teams the space to focus on higher-impact problems. Your day-to-day Lead, develop and grow a team of exceptional Data Scientists and other Data professionals. Hire, coach and retain talented people while creating an environment where they can develop and do their best work. Set the Data Science direction for your area and identify where data can have the greatest customer and business impact. Partner with Product, Engineering and senior stakeholders to shape strategy and influence product direction. Bring analytical rigour to complex and ambiguous problems and help teams turn them into clear, actionable opportunities. Ensure teams are using the right analytical approaches, from experimentation and causal inference through to statistical modelling and machine learning. Help connect Data Science work to measurable customer, product and commercial outcomes. Work with Analytics Engineering, Machine Learning and other Data disciplines to ensure teams have the data, tooling and infrastructure they need. Contribute to the wider Data Science discipline at Monzo, helping us continually raise the bar for how we work. 🤩 We'd love to hear from you if... What we're doing at Monzo excites you! You have significant experience managing and developing Data Scientists. You're a strong strategic data leader who uses data to influence decisions and direction. You have experience partnering with senior and executive stakeholders across different functions and levels of seniority. You're comfortable working autonomously in a fast-growing and evolving organisation. You have a strong understanding of Data Science approaches including experimentation, causal inference, statistical analysis and machine learning. You're comfortable with tools and languages such as Python and SQL, and understand how to choose the right analytical approach for a problem. You can build credibility with Product, Engineering and senior business leaders and influence without relying on authority. You have strong product judgement and experience using Data Science to shape product development and strategy. You know how to balance technical excellence with pragmatic decision-making and business impact. You have experience helping Data Scientists develop their technical, product and leadership capabilities. The interview process Our interview process involves 3 main stages. We promise not to ask you any brain teasers or trick questions! 30-minute recruiter call 45-minute call with the hiring manager 3 x 1-hour video calls with various team members Our average process takes around 3–4 weeks, but we'll always work around your availability. You'll have the chance to speak to our recruitment team at various points during the process. What's in it for you ✈️ We can help you relocate to the UK ✅ We can sponsor visas 📍 This role can be based in our London office, but we're open to distributed working within the UK, with ad hoc meetings in London. ⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, at times that suit you and your team. 📚 Learning budget of £1,000 a year for books, training courses and conferences ➕And much more, see our full list of benefits here #LI-LG1 #LI-Remote Equal opportunities for everyone Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our blog , 2026 Diversity and Inclusion Report and 2025 Gender Pay Gap Report. We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status. If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊 Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf 🇺🇸 Are you a US person? * Select... A US Person is defined as someone who: was born in the United States (US) has at least 1 parent who was born in the US is a naturalised citizen of the US is a green card holder is a US tax resident 🔐 Keeping your data safe is really important to us. Please take a look at our Candidate Data Privacy Notice (linked below) and confirm that you have. * Select... 🔗 Candidate Data Privacy Notice . If you’d like to, please share your preferred pronouns (eg. they/them/theirs, she/her/hers). If you'd like to, please spell out your name how it's pronounced so we know how to say it. 🛂 Please confirm your Right to Work status in the location where this job is advertised. * Select... We legally have to verify that you have the right to work in the location where you'd be working from. Your answer to this question won't affect the outcome of your application, unless you'd need visa sponsorship but are applying to a role we don't sponsor. 👤 Identity survey Our goal at Monzo is to make money work for everyone. To do that, working at Monzo must work for everyone. We want to create an equitable, engaged and innovative workplace which gives people from all backgrounds the support they need to thrive and grow. Making Monzo work for everyone starts right at the beginning of every Monzonaut's journey: when they apply to work here. This demographic survey will help us better understand the people who apply to work at Monzo. It'll help us see how different groups progress through our hiring process, and where we need to make improvements to be more inclusive. If you choose to fill it out, all of the information you give us is: Voluntary . And we've included a "prefer not to say" option for every question. It'd be helpful if you still fill out the survey even if you choose "prefer not to say" for every question, as it's useful for us to understand & record this. We won't know if you choose to fill this survey in or not. Anonymous to Monzo . We can't tie your responses to you and they won't make a difference to the outcome of your application. We'll only use grouped responses for equal opportunities monitoring in our hiring process. For more information on how we'll use this data, please read our candidate privacy notice . By filling out this survey, you agree that we can use your responses for the purposes we've mentioned above. You are not letting us know if we need to make any adjustments to the hiring process because of disability or neurodiversity - to do this please email us. How would you describe your gender identity? Select... Do you identify as transgender? Select... What's your sexual orientation? Select... Do you identify as having a disability? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodivergent? Select... How would your describe your ethnicity? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse