Vacancy details - Royal Bank of Canada Skip to content Home Login Register Search vacancies Help Help centre Cookie policy Privacy statement Terms of use Vacancy details Details 2027 Summer Analyst - Global Markets - Equity Research Vacancy type Campus Role Summer Analyst Programme Global Markets - Equity Research Location London Intake Year 2027 Description 2027 Summer Analyst - Global Markets - Equity Research Application Deadline: Rolling; early application recommended. Please note you can only apply to one vacancy per intake year. Royal Bank of Canada is a premier investment bank that provides a focused set of products and services to institutions, corporations, governments and high net worth clients in over 100 countries. We understand that the first steps in any career in finance are critical. With that in mind, we have the right formula to provide you with the opportunities and professional development you need to turn those first steps into a rewarding career. You'll be part of a company with a superior financial track record, credit rating and reputation. In fact, we maintained a high credit rating throughout the financial crisis. Interns will gain hands-on experience within Equity Research and receive career-building mentorship. Every year we recruit successful applicants into our London Research teams with many desks and products suited to the interests of driven and focused students. We are committed to hiring the best students as we understand the value of growing talent from within the Summer Intern Programme and the significance that this diversity brings to our workforce. Programme Details: As a Summer Intern you will be placed within a key area of our Equity Research function to develop an insight into the responsibilities of a full-time Research Analyst. You will gain valuable exposure to the operations of a major international investment bank, as well as the hands-on experience you need to kick-start your career. Learning from experience: During the course of the programme, Summer Interns are given various projects to complete which may include: Industry research for new initiatives and investment opportunities Supporting management with pitch ideas about trends, risks and opportunities in the market Assist in building financial models Assist with writing research reports from coverage to results to recommendations Supporting the area that keeps the firm functioning at industry-leading levels Training and development: You will be supported and developed in numerous ways throughout the programme including: Classroom based training covering commercial and industry knowledge Speaker Series - regular information sessions delivered by our leading market professionals On the job training Buddy programme Networking and shadowing opportunities Social events with the wider 2027 Capital Markets cohort You will receive mid and end-of-summer reviews as well as constructive feedback from your manager throughout your placement. Great care and resources have been devoted to ensure that at the end of the programme you have a solid understanding of the elements necessary for a successful career in the Research function. What do we look for? We are not prescriptive on the subject of your degree. Whether you’re a philosophy student or an engineer, we’re more interested in an agile intellect, strong numerical and analytical skills, an awareness of global economic issues and a genuine interest in the international financial markets. Creativity, logic, interpersonal skills and inner drive all come into the equation. Any additional languages, especially European, are of interest but by no means a pre-requisite when applying. Apply Privacy statement Opens in new window | Terms of use Opens in new window | Accessibility Opens in new window | Manage cookies © 2026 | v7.0.401.0 Opens in new window