Skip to main contentEnglishSign InSearch for Jobs2027 EMEA Future Leaders Spring Insight Programme page is loaded2027 EMEA Future Leaders Spring Insight ProgrammeApplylocationsLondontime typeFull timeposted onPosted 3 Days Agojob requisition id45529Blackstone is the world’s largest alternative asset manager. Blackstone seeks to deliver compelling returns for institutional and individual investors by strengthening the companies in which the firm invests. Blackstone’s over $1.3 trillion in assets under management include global investment strategies focused on real estate, private equity, credit, infrastructure, life sciences, growth equity, secondaries and hedge funds. Further information is available at www.blackstone.com. Follow @blackstone on LinkedIn, X (Twitter), and Instagram. 2027 Blackstone EMEA Future Leaders Spring Insight ProgramEvent Description The program is a unique 4-day experience giving participants exposure to Blackstone through networking, skill-building and interactive sessions. The program is open to students studying in the UK & Europe, in their first or second year at university with an interest in exploring a career in the financial services industry. Program participants will have the opportunity to interact with business and recruiting professionals at Blackstone’s headquarters in London. The Blackstone Spring Insight Program introduces the knowledge, training, and skills necessary to a well-guided career path at Blackstone. For more information, please visit our careers website at https://www.blackstone.com/careers/students/.What we look forOur people are our most valuable asset. They are highly skilled problem solvers who believe challenges represent opportunities. Together with the firm’s entrepreneurial spirit, their unique passions and backgrounds contribute to a creative and vibrant environment.The Principles that Matter Most:- Accountability- Excellence- Professional Integrity- Team Work- EntrepreneurshipEverything we do is guided by these principles, which define our character and culture; they have been at the core of Blackstone since its inception. These enduring qualities are the shared convictions that we bring to our professional conduct. They are a fundamental strength of our business.QualificationsTo be considered for the 2027 Blackstone EMEA Spring Insight Program, applicants must meet the following criteria:• Anticipated graduation date: 2028 or 2029• Available for program dates in March-April 2027Application Details Applications will close on 16 October 2026.The duties and responsibilities described here are not exhaustive and additional assignments, duties, or responsibilities may be required of this position. Assignments, duties, and responsibilities may be changed at any time, with or without notice, by Blackstone in its sole discretion.Blackstone is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, age, marital or partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, genetic predisposition, veteran or military status, status as a victim of domestic violence, a sex offense or stalking, or any other class or status in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including but not limited to hiring, placement, promotion, termination, transfer, leave of absence, compensation, and training. All Blackstone employees, including but not limited to recruiting personnel and hiring managers, are required to abide by this policy.If you need a reasonable accommodation to complete your application, please contact Human Resources at 212-583-5000 (US), +44 (0)20 7451 4000 (EMEA) or +852 3656 8600 (APAC).Depending on the position, you may be required to obtain certain securities licenses if you are in a client facing role and/or if you are engaged in the following:Attending client meetings where you are discussing Blackstone products and/or and client questions; Marketing Blackstone funds to new or existing clients; Supervising or training securities licensed employees; Structuring or creating Blackstone funds/products; andAdvising on marketing plans prepared by a sales team or developing and/or contributing information for marketing materials. Note: The above list is not the exhaustive list of activities requiring securities licenses and there may be roles that require review on a case-by-case basis. Please speak with your Blackstone Recruiting contact with any questions.To submit your application please complete the form below. Fields marked with a red asterisk * must be completed to be considered for employment (although some can be answered "prefer not to say"). Failure to provide this information may compromise the follow-up of your application. When you have finished click Submit at the bottom of this form.About UsAt Blackstone, we look to attract and retain the brightest minds in the business, hiring professionals across a wide range of disciplines. Our employees are integral to the firm’s identity, contributing to a culture of integrity, professionalism and excellence. It is their dedication and passion for their work that has helped Blackstone become a trusted partner for some of the largest institutional investors in the world.We encourage independent thinking and reward initiative, while providing services to help employees grow professionally. Our global business platform and brand reputation provide an unparalleled launch pad for growing your career.Read MoreFollow Us© 2026 Workday, Inc. All rights reserved.