Harrison Street - Summer 2027 Investor Solutions Group Intern - London Summer 2027 Investor Solutions Group Intern - London London, UK Investor Relations – Investor Solutions / Internship / On-site apply for this job Harrison Street Asset Management ("HSAM") is a leading global alternative investment management firm focused on real estate, infrastructure, and credit strategies across North America and Europe. Headquartered in Chicago, Toronto, and London with offices across North America, Europe, Asia and the Middle East, the firm has over $108 billion in assets under management on behalf of institutional investors and registered investment advisors globally. Founded on a culture of innovation, HSAM is an early mover in alternative real estate and mid-market infrastructure. Today, the firm’s global team, consisting of more than 520 professionals, is committed to creating long-term value through deep sector expertise and forward-thinking strategies. The Firm is seeking to hire a summer intern to join the European Investor Solutions Group (“ISG”) department in London, focusing on investor reporting, creation & maintenance of marketing material and supporting with the team with ad hoc fundraising related tasks. The internship will last up to 12 weeks and the individual in our summer internship program will be an integral part of the team. Highlights of the program include an intern trip to tour various Harrison Street properties, mentoring by executive leadership, and individual projects. Harrison Street’s portfolio encompasses alternative property types, mid-market infrastructure and real asset back credit investments. Candidates should possess broad-based analytical skills, strong understanding of Excel, superior communication skills, and proven research skills. The individual must be a self-starter, able to efficiently allocate time between multiple tasks, changing priorities and tight deadlines. Responsibilities: Support creating presentations for current clients, consultants and prospective investors. Help craft responses to ad-hoc client requests for information and investment analysis. Contribute to other marketing and communications related projects as requested. Help maintain our CRM (customer relationship management) system Salesforce up to date. Leveraging AI effectively to help monitor industry trends, competitor fundraising activity, and LP allocation patterns relevant to real assets Support senior team members with ad hoc fundraising related tasks Help map and conduct research on potential investors in Europe and Middle East for our strategies. Support managing the teams attendance to conference, industry events and sponsorship applications Ensure that all client needs are consistently met and strive to exceed client expectations. Requirements: Pursuing a bachelor’s or master’s degree with anticipated graduation in Summer 2026 or recently graduated; Excellent communication skills (written and oral) and interpersonal skill Highly motivated and organised individual eager to learn Extensive working knowledge of MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint etc.) Demonstrates a strong interest in real assets and the investment industry Harrison Street is proud to be an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity, equity and inclusion in the workplace and is an affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to veteran status, uniform service member status, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information or any other protected class under federal, state, or local law. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions, please contact our ADA Accessible Line at (312) 920-0500 or [email protected] . All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations. Harrison Street does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Harrison Street will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Harrison Street. apply for this job Harrison Street Home Page Jobs powered by