Early Careers at Aon - UK Internships | Aon Skip to main content Opens in a new tab External site AON Logo Open menu Close Menu AON Logo Who We Are What We Do What We Think News Join Our Team Opens in a new tab Investors Opens in a new tab Contact Us Experience Aon, Build Your Future Early Careers / United Kingdom / Internships View all UK Undergraduate Opportunities Our internships and placements give you more than just work experience - they offer real insight into our business, tailored support and the chance to develop skills that set you up for future success. Training and Development Take on real responsibilities that contribute to our business Learn to manage your work effectively Receive training on technical and business skills Gain a strong understanding of the professional world and how to navigate it An internship or placement year gives you the opportunity to secure a place on our graduate programme or another internship, subject to your performance and business need. A large proportion of our candidates go on to enjoy a career with us. Explore Your Next Steps Click on the stream information below to explore our range of opportunities. When you find the best option for you, we encourage you to apply early. Summer internships are available in: Actuarial Consulting - General Insurance & Reinsurance Analytics Now closed for applications for 2026 Actuarial Consulting – Pensions – Regional Now closed for applications for 2026 Actuarial Consulting – Pensions – London Now closed for applications for 2026 Investment Consulting Now closed for applications for 2026 Commercial Risk & Reinsurance Broking Now closed for applications for 2026 Commercial Risk Consulting Now closed for applications for 2026 Industrial placements are available in: Actuarial Consulting - Pensions Now closed for applications for 2026 Client Management Now closed for applications for 2026 Investment Consulting Now closed for applications for 2026 Marketing and Communications Now closed for applications for 2026 Who Should Apply You should be on track to achieve a 2:1 degree. Some of our undergraduate streams have other specific requirements. You can learn more by reviewing the information for each stream. View all UK Undergraduate Opportunities Application Information Applications for our UK undergraduate programmes open each Autumn. Details, including closing dates, can be found when clicking on the stream information tiles. Apply early! Assessments Centres begin prior to closing dates and applications may close early if roles are filled. Learn more about our Application Process Learn more about our Career Paths × Aon Application Process We want our application process to be a two-way street. We get to know more about you and you get to know more about us. Here is a summary of each stage of the process so you'll know exactly what to expect. Stage 1 Online Application This is where we will capture your personal information and academic history, and check your eligibility for your intended stream. Stage 2 Online Assessments We will present you with a series of online tasks to assess your response in different scenarios to help us match your skills to roles at Aon. Stage 3 Video Interview Once you've passed our online tests, you'll be invited to record answers to a number of short interview questions, designed to learn more about you (including what interests you about the role) and your level of knowledge of Aon and our industry. Stage 4 Shortlisting If your video submission is successful, you will be placed on a short list, which the business will review to fill places at our assessment centres. We cannot guarantee places at assessment centres for all candidates due to the volume of strong applicants. Stage 5 Assessment Centre Next, we'll put you to the test through a range of group and individual exercises. Depending on your performance, you could be offered a position at this stage. Stage 6 Final Interview In some instances, you may be invited to a final formal interview which will focus on: Your knowledge about our business and the industry Relevant skills Your drive and motivation × Learn more about our Career Paths Actuarial Consultant As a market leader in actuarial consulting, we support our clients in areas such as defined benefit pension schemes, actuarial software and risk and capital strategy. Due to the complex nature of our work, our clients rely heavily on our expert advice. What are we looking for? • Motivation and ambition to pursue an actuarial career • Excellent numerical ability • A strong communicator • Passion and inquisitiveness • Commercial awareness Investment Consultant Our consultants advise employers and governments on their pension schemes and other assets, in everything from setting investment strategies to corporate transactions and asset transfers. We enable our clients to take advantage of long-term investment trends and short-term opportunities in order to meet their objectives. What are we looking for? • Motivation and ambition • Passion and inquisitiveness • Commercial awareness Broker Trends in economics, demographics and technological change are creating unprecedented volatility for organisations. Our Commercial Risk and Reinsurance brokers offer risk advisory, claims advocacy and structured solutions that help better identify, quantify and manage risk exposure. What we are looking for? • Motivation and ambition • Commercial awareness • Ability to build relationships, communicate and work collaboratively Commercial Risk Consultant We provide strategic advice and support to companies in the global insurance, reinsurance, and health and benefits markets, offering our unparalleled access to unique and compelling insights. What we are looking for? • Aptitude for effective problem solving and analytical skills • Strong business writing skills • Research and presentation skills • People skills Who We Are What We Do What We Think News Join Our Team Opens in a new tab Investors Opens in a new tab Contact Us LinkedIn, opens in a new tab Twitter, opens in a new tab Facebook, opens in a new tab &copy2026 Aon plc. All rights reserved Privacy Policy Opens in a new tab Legal Opens in a new tab Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Opens in a new tab Cookie Preferences Opens in a new tab