Home Page - Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) Skip to content An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Here’s how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( Lock Locked padlock icon ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) Menu Close File A Complaint Public Info Public Service Announcements Brochures Annual Reports Resources Industry Info Industry Alerts Contact FBI Cyber Cyber Private Sector Crime Info Account Takeover (ATO) Botnet/DDoS/TDoS Business Email Compromise (BEC) Chinese Authority Impersonation Cryptocurrency Data Breach Elder Fraud Investment Fraud Other Common Scams Ransomware Tech/Customer Support and Government Impersonation Search Welcome to the Internet Crime Complaint Center Scammers are Impersonating the IC3 The IC3 does not work with any non-law enforcement entity, such as law firms or crypto services, to recuperate lost funds or investigate cases. The IC3 will never directly contact you for information or money. Please see this PSA for more information. If you are approached by someone impersonating or claiming to work with IC3 or find a website impersonating the IC3, please file a complaint with the information. Be sure to include the website link in your complaint. The Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) is the central hub for reporting cyber-enabled crime. It is run by the FBI, the lead federal agency for investigating crime. For more information about the IC3 and its mission, please see the About Us page. File a Complaint with Us If you or someone else is in immediate danger, please call 911 or your local police. The IC3 focuses on collecting cyber-enabled crime. Crimes against children should be filed with the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children . Other types of crimes, such as threats of terrorism, should be reported at tips.fbi.gov . File A Complaint How You Can Help Tell us what happened. File a report to share information with the FBI. IC3 is the main intake form for a variety of complaints — everything from cyber-enabled frauds and scams to cybercrime — so file a report even if you are unsure of whether your complaint qualifies. Your contribution and our mission. Your report helps us fulfill our mission of protecting the American people. While we cannot guarantee a response to every complaint, your report is still valuable. It helps us understand the broader threat landscape. Furthermore, in those cases where we are able to take action, we will work to provide justice. Protect yourself and others. If you have suffered from a cyber-enabled crime, please know that you are not alone. Use the resources on this site to learn more about how to protect yourself and others from cybercrime. Protecting Our Digitally-connected World is a Top Priority and Focus of the FBI We Need You Between staying connected with family and friends, shopping and banking online, and working remotely, we all depend on security in our interconnected digital world. Criminals from every corner of the globe attack our digital systems on a near constant basis. They strike targets large and small — from corporate networks to personal smart phones. No one — and no device — is immune from the threat. The only way forward is together. In cyber security, where a single compromise can impact millions of people, there can be no weak links. Every organization and every individual needs to take smart, reasonable steps to protect their own devices and systems and to learn how to spot and avoid scams. Chart includes loss data for the years 2020 to 2024. Over this time period, over $50 billion dollars were reported lost. For more information, please read our most recent Annual Report: Annual Report The Information You Submit to IC3 Makes All the Difference Combined with other data, it allows the FBI to investigate reported crimes, track trends and threats, and, in some cases, even freeze stolen funds. Just as importantly, IC3 shares reports of crime throughout its vast network of FBI field offices and law enforcement partners, strengthening our nation’s collective response both locally and nationally. Due to the massive number of complaints, we receive each year, IC3 cannot respond directly to every submission, but please know we take each report seriously. With your help, we can and will respond faster, defend cyber networks better, and more effectively protect our nation. Recent IC3 Alerts Public Sep 17 Scammers Impersonating Law Enforcement and Government Officials in Fraud Schemes Sep 01 Malicious Cyber Actors Gain Access to Victim Accounts Through Consent Phishing Aug 10 Sexual Exploitation Actors Stealing and Leaking Explicit Content Aug 04 Ongoing Threats of Swatting and Indicators for Community Members Jul 30 Malicious Cyber Actors Targeting Water and Wastewater Sector Internet Facing Programmable Logic Controllers, Causing Operational Disruptions Industry Sep 18 North Korean "WaterPlum," commonly referred to as "Contagious Interview," Cyber Actor Group Targeting IT Professionals; Activities of North Korean IT Workers in Japan, the United States and Europe Sep 15 Iranian Cyber Targeting of Dissidents, Activists and Journalists Sep 15 Update on Government of Iran Cyber Actors' Deployment of Telegram C2 to Push Malware to Identified Targets Sep 09 FBI Cyber Strategy Sep 08 China-Based Artificial Intelligence Companies Conducting Industrial-Scale Distillation Campaigns Against U.S. AI Companies Terms and Conditions Prior to filing a complaint with the IC3, please read the following information regarding terms and conditions. Should you have additional questions prior to filing your complaint, view FAQ for more information on inquiries such as: What details will I be asked to include in my complaint? What happens after I file a complaint? How are complaints resolved? Should I retain evidence related to my complaint? Complaints filed via this website are analyzed and may be referred to federal, state, local or international law enforcement and partner agencies for possible investigation. The complaint information you submit to this site is encrypted via secure socket layer ( SSL ) encryption. Please see the Privacy Policy for further information. We thank you for your cooperation. By clicking "I Accept" you acknowledge the following: I understand any contact or investigation regarding any complaint I file on this website is initiated at the discretion of the agency receiving the complaint information. I will not be contacted by the IC3. The information I'm providing on this form is correct to the best of my knowledge. I understand that providing false information could make me subject to fine, imprisonment, or both. ( TITLE 18, U.S. CODE, SECTION 1001 ) Accept Decline Return to top IC3 Home Page Privacy Policy About IC3 FBI Home Page Privacy Policy About FBI DOJ Home Page Privacy Policy About DOJ Contact the FBI Press Office (202) 324-3691 Accessibility Statement Questions? See the IC3 FAQ FBI Federal Bureau of Investigation Facebook X (Twitter) YouTube LinkedIn Instagram FBI.gov Contact Center