Flexible Careers | Flexible Jobs at PwC UK | PwC UK Careers Skip to content Skip to footer Early careers Experienced careers Flexible or contractor careers Working at PwC Our people, their stories. More Search Menu Early careers Early careers Applying and FAQs Employability hub Entry level Graduate Our events Our job search Training and development Undergraduate Menu Early careers Applying and FAQs Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessment and selection process Do you need immigration authorisation to work in the UK? FAQs The behaviours we look for Menu Early careers Employability hub Menu Early careers Entry level Entry level programmes Flying Start degree programmes New World. New Skills. Virtual Insight Programme Menu Early careers Graduate Advisory and Consulting Audit, Accounting, Tax and Finance Legal Services Strategy Technology and AI Menu Early careers Our events Virtual Classroom Menu Early careers Our job search Menu Early careers Training and development Menu Early careers Undergraduate Diversity Programmes Legal Summer Vacation Scheme Summer Internship Undergraduate Work Placement Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Experienced careers Experienced careers Application support Careers toolkit Partner recruitment Search all jobs Menu Experienced careers Application support Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessments - what to expect Our application experience PwC sponsorship and working permits Recruitment agencies The behaviours we look for Menu Experienced careers Careers toolkit Menu Experienced careers Partner recruitment Menu Experienced careers Search all jobs Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Flexible careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible careers Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Working at PwC Working at PwC Career development Discover our UK offices Inclusion Our business areas Our people. Their stories Reward and benefits Wellbeing at PwC Menu Working at PwC Career development Menu Working at PwC Discover our UK offices Menu Working at PwC Inclusion Menu Working at PwC Our business areas Actuarial Audit Business Solutions Consulting Deals Legal Operate Tax Technology Menu Working at PwC Our people. Their stories Menu Working at PwC Reward and benefits Menu Working at PwC Wellbeing at PwC Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Our people, their stories. Our people, their stories. Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Loading Results No Match Found View All Results Flexible Careers We support a culture of greater flexibility in the workplace. At PwC, it starts with you View all our flexible vacancies We know everyone’s lives are different and that traditional working patterns may not be quite right for you. Whether you’ve taken a career break, had time out to support family, are semi-retired, or looking to balance your career with another passion, we can offer you the flexibility you might need to continue to progress your ambitions. And this is why we have our Flexible Careers Network. Our Flexible Careers Network is a network of individuals who have registered their interest to join PwC on a flexible contract. Depending on the role you apply for, we offer a range of flexible contracts, from reduced days/hours, annualised days and fixed-term contracts. As part of our Flexible Careers Network you’ll be the first to hear about our latest flexible contract vacancies, and will make it easy for us to stay connected with you. How to apply to our Talent Community Click here to register for opportunities within our Talent Community. We’ll email you when new opportunities open. If you’re interested in a specific opportunity please apply to the role directly. Unfortunately we're unable to offer visa sponsorship for these roles. To be eligible you’ll need to have your own right to live and work in the UK for the duration of your employment. About our Flexible Careers Network (FCN) What’s in it for you? Types of roles available FAQs About our Flexible Careers Network (FCN) About our Flexible Careers Network (FCN) Our Flexible Careers Network is a network of individuals who have registered their interest to join PwC on a flexible contract. Depending on the role you apply for, we offer a range of flexible contracts, from reduced days/hours, annualised days and fixed-term contracts. As part of our Flexible Careers Network you’ll be the first to hear about our latest flexible contract vacancies. In addition to registering to become part of the Flexible Careers Network, you can apply to any of our live flexible contract roles that suit your skills and experience. Everyday Flexibility As well as offering specific flexible roles, we offer all our employees the opportunity to work flexibly each day, which we call ‘Everyday Flexibility’. We want our employees to see work as an activity, not a place, and feel empowered to choose the working space that best suits the type of work being undertaken, or the expectations of our clients or your personal commitments. What’s in it for you? What’s in it for you? We'll support your integration into the firm from day one to ensure you're set up to bring your best. You'll have the support of your career coach, onboarding buddy and team to support you throughout your journey at PwC, enabling you to have a fulfilling and rewarding career with us. Joining through the Flexible Careers Network means you will have the opportunity to connect and build relationships with other flexible workers across the firm. Types of roles available Types of roles available Reduced days / hours This is a part-time permanent contract allowing you to be a permanent employee whilst not having to commit to working full time hours. Annualised days With an annualised days contract you would be on a permanent contract whilst working a certain number of days over the whole year. The expectation of when these days will be worked is flexible. Fixed-term contracts We also offer flexibility on fixed term contracts. These contracts last for a specific amount of time, set and agreed in advance. Fixed-term employees enjoy all of the same rights and benefits as with any other permanent contract, although factors such as holiday entitlement and employee benefits will depend on contract length. Depending on the role, and an individual’s performance, fixed-term contracts can sometimes lead to longer term positions. If you are looking to be part of our extended workforce on a non-permanent basis then look at our contract opportunities here . FAQs FAQs Who can apply to our Flexible Careers Network? We’re looking for people seeking a flexible working pattern who we can trust, and who will work with our clients and teams. We want people who share our values, culture and behaviours , so that our work reflects our purpose and we can successfully deliver our strategy. What roles can I apply for that allow me to work flexibly? We work with the business to identify live opportunities that will require a range of skills and expertise that can be suitable for people who want or need to work in a more flexible way. Click here to view the live roles that you can apply for now. What would PwC need from you? Let us know about a flexible pattern that most suits you and we’ll try and match it with a role in our business. As part of our Flexible Careers Network we would need you to keep in touch with your availability and any relevant new skills and experience that you may have acquired, along with your commitment and loyalty. What’s in it for us? It provides us with qualified, talented professionals who we can deploy on a recurring basis, and according to our business needs. It means that we have a wider breadth of people we trust who can work with our clients and teams, and allow for seamless client service and continuity. What if I can't see a job that fits my skills or experience? If there are no live roles that fit your criteria, then you are still able to sign up to be included in our Flexible Careers Network talent pool. Click here to register with your skills and experience as well as your preferred working pattern. This will enable you to receive notifications about any new flexible roles. Who can register for the Flexible Careers Network? Anyone. If you’re interested in working flexibly at PwC, just register through the Flexible Careers Network and we’ll do the rest. What is the recruitment process through Flexible Careers Network? All our people need to demonstrate the skills and behaviours that support us in delivering our strategy. This is important to the work we do for our business, and our clients. These skills and behaviours make up our global leadership framework, ‘The PwC Professional’. After you’ve applied to a vacancy, you’ll be prompted to answer some qualifying screening questions. If successful, you’ll be invited for an interview. You’ll also have the opportunity to meet and talk to people from the business. I’m interested in working on a temporary basis or as a contractor, is the Flexible Careers Network for me? The Flexible Careers Network is for individuals who’d like to work with us on a permanent or fixed-term contract (FTC) basis. If you’d prefer to work with PwC on a more informal basis, you can register your skills and experience here for our contract opportunities. How long is my flexible contract? This can be flexible based on your needs; we’re happy to discuss your ideal flexible working pattern and contract length to try and match you into a role. I like to spend the summer travelling, can I still work at PwC? Yes. We recognise that people have different reasons for wanting flexibility in how they work and we’ll try and find an opportunity that suits you. You might only want to work for half of the year because of childcare commitments, or because you like to travel during the summer. Whatever it is, please let us know and we’ll try and make it work. How will I be compensated? You’ll be paid monthly and at a competitive market rate in the same way as any employee that works at PwC. Will I be eligible for a bonus? You may be eligible for our bonus plan depending on the terms and duration of your contract. Your recruitment contact will discuss this with you at the offer stage. What benefit programs are Flexible Careers Network members eligible for? Depending on the duration and terms of your employment with us, you’ll be eligible for all or some of the great range of benefits our employees enjoy. Your recruiter will talk you through these at the offer stage. Can I take annual leave? As an employee on a permanent or fixed-term contract basis, you’ll accrue holiday allowance in the same way as any other employee of the firm. What type of training will I receive when I join PwC? During your first week with us, you’ll receive an introduction to PwC’s culture and values. Additional technical training will depend on line of service, grade, role and responsibilities. You can be assured that you’ll receive all the training and support you need. Am I allowed to have dual employment while I'm working as an Flexible Careers Network employee with the PwC? As with traditional employees, in certain circumstances PwC employees may be able to have dual employment. If you wish to do this, please make it clear when discussing opportunities with your recruiter. You’ll need to agree in writing that you acknowledge you may not use PwC information or equipment, in such an arrangement. We’ll review all of the information we have and make a decision as to whether the circumstances allow us to accommodate dual employment. Join our Talent Community Sign up today From entry level to experienced professionals Search jobs Follow PwC UK Careers Working at PwC Inclusion Reward and benefits Discover our UK offices Our People. Their Stories. Talent Community Alumni Our Business Actuarial Audit Consulting Deals Business Solutions Legal Operate Risk Tax Technology Early Careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Event search Job search Employability hub Training and development Applying and FAQs Experienced Careers Our job search Careers toolkit Applying Partner Recruitment Flexible and contractor Our job search Flexible careers Contractor careers Join our Talent Community Your account © 2020 - 2026 PwC. All rights reserved. PwC refers to the PwC network and/or one or more of its member firms, each of which is a separate legal entity. Please see www.pwc.com/structure for further details. Privacy Statement Cookies info Legal Disclaimer About Site Provider Provision of Services Diversity Web Accessibility