Looking after our trainees - Lloyd's Skip to main content Back to Menu About Lloyd's Market resources Insights Contact Investors Careers Locations Log in About Lloyd's About Lloyd's Lloyd’s is the only insurance marketplace of its kind in the world. We bring together the world’s leading risk takers to advance global progress. Explore Lloyd's In the spotlight Our company Our people Our impact Investor relations Policyholders In the spotlight Half Year Results 2026 We have announced our Half Year Results for 2026. The Lloyd’s market delivered a solid first half performance, with gross written premium of £34.7bn and a combined ratio of 90.8%. View the results Join the Lloyd’s market Join the best minds in the industry. Access the expertise, knowledge and insights to protect and develop your business. How to join the market Our company Understanding the Lloyd's market Our strategy Our history The Lloyd's building Corporation governance Join the Lloyd's market Our people Careers Culture Our impact Sustainability Community involvement Investor relations Overview Financial results Non-financial reporting Our ratings Capital structure Syndicate reports and accounts Capital Markets Day Policyholders Policyholders Market resources Market resources Find and access the information, tools and resources you need when working in or with the Lloyd’s market. View all market resources Our featured resources Market communications Oversight Reporting Regulatory Market Directory Services Tools Our featured resources Requirements of the Lloyd's Council The rules which govern the Lloyd's market including byelaws and other requirements. View the requirements Crystal+ Crystal+ provides Lloyd’s market participants with quick and easy access to global regulatory, compliance and tax information, supporting our market in writing globally compliant business. Learn more about Crystal+ Latest market bulletins Market Bulletins are the formal means of Lloyd’s informing the market of business critical issues. View market bulletins Market communications Market bulletins Regulatory Communications Corporate notices Oversight Market oversight Delegated Authority Capital and reserving Underwriting Capital and Planning Group Claims Customer oversight Reporting Business Timetable Syndicate accounts and financial reporting Future of reporting Regulatory Regulatory Information Tax information Requirements for participating in the Lloyd's market Market Directory Market Directory Brokers Coverholders Managing agents Members' agents and advisors Open market correspondent Associations Services Multinational business at Lloyd's Member Services Learning at Lloyd's Culture resources Investment Complaints Lloyd's Agency Network Salvage Arbitration Branch Building facilities Tools All tools Insights Hub Crystal+ Delegated Authority tools Insights Insights Stay on top of all the latest news impacting the insurance marketplace and understand the innovations, trends and insights impacting the risk landscape. View all insights Featured insights News Risk Insights Innovation Education Featured insights Lloyd's Lab - the heart of innovation for insurance An award winning space dedicated to accelerating and fostering new products and solutions fit for the needs of our customers around the world. Explore Lloyd's Lab Lloyd's Academy The industry-leading commercial education platform for risk professionals to deepen their knowledge, strengthen their network, and leverage the unrivalled power and solutions of the Lloyd’s market. Discover more about Lloyd's Academy News News Events Media centre Risk Insights Risk reports Innovation Lloyd's Lab Education Lloyd's Academy Contact Investors Careers Locations Log in Search Lloyd's Looking after our trainees Home About Lloyd's Careers Early Careers Looking after our trainees Personalised and ongoing support We understand that joining a large organisation – let alone the world’s largest insurance marketplace – can be a daunting experience. It’s important to us that you feel supported throughout your time at Lloyd’s. Here are some of the ways we’ll seek to support you on your programme. As a trainee, you will have access to… Career mentor Acts as a senior mentor to advise and help you develop your expertise throughout your scheme. Placement manager Works closely with you on a daily basis, supporting your skills and knowledge development. Qualification coach Supports you throughout your qualification, ensuring you are on track. Buddy A friendly face who has been in the same position as you and can help you feel welcomed into the organisation. Early Careers team A key touchpoint for any questions you have about the Lloyd’s programme. Early Careers committees Our committees are made up of trainees who respond to feedback, represent the cohorts, and plan social events. Employee Change Forum (ECF) A group of employees (from all levels) helping to pass on your feedback and bring about change. Lloyd’s Together Networks An umbrella of employee networks to connect and represent different communities in Lloyd’s. Wellbeing support Access to various materials and resources to support with mental, physical, financial and social wellbeing. Training Alongside our people, you will also be able to develop through... Soft skills: Access to soft skills training throughout your scheme, ensuring you are developing your professional and personal skills. Technical training: Working towards developing your technical skills. Online courses: Access to online training platforms. Employee benefits Trainees will also be provided with... Clothing allowance for apprentices Time off for study leave and exams Access to Lloyd’s employee benefits Find out more about our employee benefits Discover more about Early Careers at Lloyd’s Our programmes Explore the available opportunities to start your career at Lloyd’s. View programmes Our people See what our current apprentices and graduates had to say about their careers in insurance. View case studies Application hints and tips Top tips for each of the different stages you will go through when applying to our schemes. View hints and tips Subscribe for the latest updates Market Bulletins Tax news and updates Support Contact us FAQs Glossary & acronyms Accessibility Useful organisations Market resources Market Directory Crystal+ All market resources Legal Privacy Cookies Terms and conditions Modern Slavery Act Statement Subscribe for the latest updates Market Bulletins Tax news and updates Support Contact us FAQs Glossary & acronyms Accessibility Useful organisations Market resources Market Directory Crystal+ All market resources Legal Privacy Cookies Terms and conditions Modern Slavery Act Statement Follow us © Lloyd’s 2026. Lloyd’s and Corporation of Lloyd’s are registered trademarks of the Society of Lloyd’s. Lloyd’s is authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000.