Internships: graduate careers advice | targetjobs targetjobs Skip to content Jobs All jobs & opportunities Graduate jobs & schemes All graduate jobs & schemes Accounting Banking Business & management Charity & public sector Construction & property Consulting Creative arts & design Engineering Finance Hospitality, sport, leisure & tourism HR IT Marketing, advertising & PR Media & journalism Medical & healthcare Procurement & supply chain Sales, retail & commercial services Science & R&D Surveying Teaching & education Internships All internships Accounting internships Engineering internships Finance internships IT internships Investment banking internships Law Graduate jobs Pupillages Training contracts Vacation schemes Placements Popular locations Belfast Birmingham Bristol Cardiff Edinburgh Leeds London Manchester Advice Getting started I'm looking for ideas Getting started Careers guides & directories Job descriptions Explore career options School leavers I'm looking for a job Finding a job CV & cover letter templates CVs, applications & tests Interviews & assessment centres Job offers & working life Internships Apply with confidence Advice by sector Accountancy, banking & finance Business, consulting & management Charity Construction & property Creative arts, media & design Engineering HR & recruitment Healthcare Hospitality & event management Information Technology Law Marketing, advertising & PR Public services & administration Retail Sales Teaching & education Science & research Travel & tourism Short courses Search advice Employers See who's hiring UK 300 most popular employers Search employers Events targetjobs events & competitions Festival of Law New Undergraduate of the Year Awards Webinars & partner events Search events Study Develop your skills Skills for getting a job Course providers Postgraduate study Pathways GradSims AI Tools Search Log in Post a job Careers advice > Internships Internships Completing an internship allows you to sharpen your skills, improve your CV, prepare for the world of work and potentially land yourself a graduate job. Discover what internships actually involve, how to apply for them and how to make the most of them.  Search all advice Jump to: What is an internship? Is an internship all there is? When to apply Applications and interview prep Should my internship be paid? Be the best intern Win an internship Advice by sector How to find hidden internships What is an internship? If you’re on this page, you’re probably at that stage where you’re hearing people around you talk about getting an ‘internship’. But what is an internship, really? A formal internship is a period of structured work experience, through which you work in your chosen industry and gain hands-on experience and knowledge, useful contacts and training. These internships are traditionally aimed at penultimate-year students, as most large employers offer impressive interns a job for after graduation, although a few are open to other year groups and graduates. Sometimes, though, when students refer to ‘internships’ they mean other kinds of work experience. Here, we explain everything you need to know about all types of work experience, how to apply and even to use it to get a graduate job. But if you’re already clued up on internships and ready to go, search for internships , placements or insight programmes . TRENDING IN Internships 1 How to write a CV for an internship Save 2 Which engineering employers offer summer internships or industrial placements? Save 3 Getting work experience after graduation Save Work experience options Is an internship all there is? Internships & placements Part-time jobs Your options from A–Z For many, an internship (sometimes known as a placement) is the best-known form of work experience and we have all the in-depth advice on internships and how to get one. But there are many other types of formal and informal experience that can enhance your CV, so we also explore these options from A−Z. View all advice ‘What is an internship and how do I get one?’ Your FAQs answered Internships and placements From ‘What is an internship?’ to when to do an internship and other questions, discover everything you need to know and where to find out more. Save Your work experience options: shadowing, internship and much more Internships and placements ‘What work experience do I need on my CV to get a graduate job?’ is a question we are often asked. And we always answer that it's not all, or at least not only, about internships and placements. Charity, public & civil service Save What is a spring week, insight day or insight programme? Vacation schemes and work experience We answer your FAQs on insight days, spring weeks and the other types of introductory work experience that provide a glimpse into working life for first-year university students among others. Management consulting + 4 Save What is a work placement or placement year? Internships and placements Placement year, work placement, year in industry, industrial placement, sandwich year: regardless of what it’s called, this year of work experience helps to boost your job prospects. Banking, insurance & financial services + 7 Save The important dates When to apply Larger employers that run formal work experience programmes at set times of year typically open them to specific year groups and cohorts of students. For example, insight programmes are usually offered to first years and students from particular demographics that are typically underrepresented in a profession. Internships are typically offered to penultimate-year students or, in relevant sectors, students on a postgraduate course – but may be offered to other year groups and graduates. These employers are increasingly setting deadlines in the autumn and spring terms. Smaller employers tend to run work experience schemes on an as-needed basis to any student or recent graduate and usually set deadlines a month or so before the start date. Find out more about how to get internships and work experience after graduating . Find out more The recruitment process Applications and interview prep Applications Interviews Know what to expect Once you’ve figured out the internship you want to go for, it’s time to start applying. It’s good to remember that, as well as applying for internships the traditional way, there are some internships and work experience opportunities that you can create for yourself. View all advice How to apply for an internship at a big company Internships and placements Big organisations that hire graduates often offer paid internships too. Find out how to get an internship and what the application process involves. Save Discover hidden internships: the art of speculative applications Internships and placements Here is how to find work experience and internship vacancies that aren't advertised and how to apply for them. We even include an example email for a speculative work experience covering letter. Save How to answer internship application form questions Internships and placements Online application forms for internships and work experience placements often include motivational and competency questions. Here’s how to answer them, even if you have limited experience to draw upon. Save How to write a CV for an internship Internships and placements Check out our essential guide on how to write a CV for an internship to help give your application the best chance of standing out to employers. Save Know what you’re getting into Should my internship be paid? Knowing if an internship should be paid or not, and understanding whether you should ever do an internship if it is unpaid, can sometimes boggle the brain. Fortunately, we’re here to de-boggle you! We outline the facts on internships and pay: the minimum you should be paid, when you might not be paid and what a ‘good’ internship actually looks like. Learn the law on unpaid internships Be the best intern So, now that you’ve landed the internship you wanted, it’s time to make a good impression. Knowing how to start off on the right foot is key. For example, there are some simple things you can do in advance that will make the difference between a great internship and a, well, not so great internship. View all advice Work experience tips: what to do on the first day of your internship Internships and placements Managed to get yourself an internship or other workplace experience? Congratulations! Check out our essential tips to ensure your first few days go smoothly. Save Time to shine! Six ways to become a star intern Internships and placements Our tips on how to be the best intern ever will help you make the most of your work experience opportunity, regardless of whether it is in person or virtual. Save Undergraduate of the Year Awards Win an internship The targetjobs Undergraduate of the Year Awards is an annual competition aimed at finding the best undergraduates in the UK. Each award is partnered by a prominent graduate recruiter who provides a fantastic prize for the winner, which could include a paid internship, a trip abroad or other exclusive opportunities. Find out more Find what’s right for you Advice by sector Engineering work experience: a beginner's guide Internships and placements An engineering placement year or summer internship will impress employers and help you with career decisions. Non-engineering work experience is useful too. Engineering + 1 Save Why and when to apply for vacation schemes in law firms Vacation schemes and work experience It is possible to get a training contract without experiencing a vacation scheme first but a vac placement is one of the easiest ways to show your commitment to law and that you've done your research before applying. Law solicitors + 2 Save Getting work experience in the media and publishing industry Internships and placements While a media or publishing internship isn’t essential, doing some form of hands-on media work experience will help you get your first job in publishing or the media. Media, journalism & publishing + 3 Save How to get a consulting internship: top tips Internships and placements We asked consulting interns at OC&C Strategy Consultants, NERA Economic Consulting, McKinsey & Company, Oliver Wyman, Roland Berger, EY-Parthenon and L.E.K. Consulting to tell us about how they got hired. Each of our interviewees was offered a full-time job at the end of their internship. Here are their tips. Management consulting + 2 Save Retail work experience: what’s available and how it could help you Internships and placements Find out about industrial placements, summer internships, part-time jobs and short-term opportunities, and how they could help you in your retail graduate job hunt in areas such as buying, merchandising and fashion design. Retail, business & commercial services + 4 Save Access online learning How to find hidden internships Our free online mini-courses, known as Pathways, are designed to help you proactively develop your job-hunting skills. We have a Pathways specifically for finding hidden internships (internships that aren’t advertised) to take you through what they are, how to find them and why you might want to seek out these not-so-obvious opportunities, along with other resources to help you discover them. Discover Pathways FAQs How do I find internship opportunities? What is the difference between an internship and an apprenticeship? Do I need experience to get an internship? Latest advice Search all advice More careers advice Browse by category Advice for school leavers Discover the world of options open to you on finishing school or college and get tips on how to make the right decision for you. CVs, applications and tests Find the tools and tips you need to help you apply for graduate jobs or internships. We cover every aspect of the application process, from writing a CV to answering online application questions and sitting psychometric tests. Career ideas Find advice for figuring out your dream career, including what options are available to you after graduating and how to choose the right graduate role. Finding a job Finding a job isn’t always as easy as it sounds. Here we help you to jump potential hurdles, giving essential advice for home and international students: from applying in tough economic times to getting a top graduate job with a 2.2. Internships Completing an internship allows you to sharpen your skills, improve your CV, prepare for the world of work and potentially land yourself a graduate job. Discover what internships actually involve, how to apply for them and how to make the most of them.  Interviews and assessment centres You impressed on paper; now it’s time to show the employer in person that you’re the right hire. Learn how to do this with our expert advice for answering interview questions, developing interview techniques and acing assessment centre exercises. Job descriptions Discover the qualifications, skills and experience you’ll need for more than 300 job roles and find one you’ll love. Job offers and working life Job offers, rejection emails and stepping into the working world with your first graduate job can pull you in a million directions. Fortunately, we’ve curated advice on how to accept job offers, bounce back from rejection and make an impact in your first job. Skills for getting a job Discover the skills that major graduate employers seek and how you can demonstrate them on your application form, and at interviews and assessment centres. University life Wanting to leave uni with a degree is a given. But what do you want from the other bits of student life? Discover how to combine study, rest, work and play with our insights from students and graduates. advice by sector Which career interests you? Accountancy, banking and finance Business, consulting and management Charity Construction and property Creative arts, media and design Engineering HR and recruitment Healthcare Hospitality and event management Information technology Law Marketing, advertising and PR Public services and administration Retail Sales Science Teaching Travel and tourism targetjobs We've got you Get the latest jobs, internships, careers advice, courses and graduate events based on what's important to you. Start connecting directly with top employers today. Join targetjobs targetjobs Legal Legal Privacy policy Terms and conditions for employers Terms and conditions for students About our cookies Manage cookie settings Accessibility GTI Sites GTI Sites targetjobsawards.co.uk undergraduateoftheyear.com targetapprenticeships.co.uk gradireland.com cibyl.com groupgti.com Useful Links Useful Links About us Sitemap Graduate jobs & schemes Organisation A-Z Career advisers - how to get involved Are you hiring? Careers guides and publications CV and covering letter templates Follow Us Follow Us Facebook LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Instagram TikTok © Copyright 2026 GTI Futures Ltd. Registered in England No. 2347472. First Floor, 240 Blackfriars Road, London, SE1 8NW, UK. v1.6.103