Interns | Frontier Economics Frontier Economics People Careers Working With Us Interns Analysts & Apprentice Analysts Experienced Economists Vacancies and Apply Equity, Diversity & Inclusion Learning & Development Contact Us English English Deutsch Français Español Sectors Expertise News & Insights About Us Economic and strategic advice you can count on, across a broad range of sectors Automotive Climate Change Communications Digital Economics of AI Energy Financial Services Health and Social Care Post Retail and Consumer Technology Transport Water Cunliffe review: what's next for water Read our new series of papers, where we share our initial thoughts on the future regulation of the sector Read now Our economists use a collective wealth of knowledge and experience to solve clients' issues Behavioural Economics Competition Data Science & AI Dispute Support Finance International Trade Public Policy Regulation Strategy Transfer pricing Merger Benefits Unit Frontier responds to CMA consultations on a range of reforms to the UK competition regime Frontier has actively engaged with these CMA consultations, including its ongoing consultation on merger efficiencies. Read now Read our new publications and get the latest insights from our economic experts Articles News Events Case Studies Frontier Focus Economic Advisory Council UK carbon capture strengths revealed in new Frontier–Clarivate analysis Our report, co-authored with Clarivate, highlights where the UK already has an edge. Read now Get to know our experts and how we can help you Who We Are Our Approach Social Impact People Social Impact Report Advisory Council: economists and business leaders working with Frontier Linking experience from government, academia and business with the questions clients face. Read now ✕ Sectors Sectors Automotive Climate Change Communications Digital Economics of AI Energy Financial Services Health and Social Care Post Retail and Consumer Technology Transport Water Expertise Expertise Behavioural Economics Competition Data Science & AI Dispute Support Finance International Trade Public Policy Regulation Strategy Transfer pricing Merger Benefits Unit News & Insights News & Insights Articles News Events Case Studies Frontier Focus Economic Advisory Council About Us About Us Who We Are Our Approach Social Impact People Social Impact Report People Careers Careers Working With Us Interns Analysts & Apprentice Analysts Experienced Economists Vacancies and Apply Equity, Diversity & Inclusion Learning & Development Contact Us English Language English Deutsch Français Español Home Careers Interns Interns Get first-hand experience of working in a dynamic economic consultancy business From day one you will make a valuable contribution. You’ll work within teams on live projects, getting real experience of what it’s like to work with us and the variety and depth of work we do for our clients. We aim to make your time with us as meaningful and interesting as possible. We offer both short-term (8-12 weeks) and long-term (5-6 months) internships. As an intern you can expect to be: Working on projects with a variety of colleagues, from analysts to directors. Receiving guidance, feedback and support throughout. Learning and developing your skills through a comprehensive induction and training programme. Involving yourself in a range of company activities, like writing the weekly newsletter or arranging a seminar. Your first week at Frontier Induction – We’ll give you all the support and guidance you need to get you started. Training – Learn the programmes we use including Excel. Mentoring – Meet with your new mentor - typically a senior consultant - responsible for advising you and monitoring your performance. Buddy – Meet your “buddy” who will help answer any general queries about Frontier. Practice work – Find out about your practice and project work. A-Level Insight Day We are running an Insight Day in our London office on 26 October 2026. The day is aimed at sixth form students who are interested in finding out more about studying Economics at degree level and the career paths it can lead to. The application window for our 2026 Insight Day is now closed . What qualifications do I need? We are looking for final or second year undergraduates in Economics, or those enrolled in an Economics-based postgraduate course having got at least a 2:1 or equivalent degree. Languages All applicants must be fluent in English. Applicants to Cologne and Berlin must also be fluent in German, applicants to Madrid must be fluent in Spanish and applicants to Paris must be fluent in French. Other European languages are an advantage, particularly French and Dutch, as well as Central and Eastern European languages, particularly Polish. What is the interview process? The interview process is open, friendly and consists of one interview. We will assess your consulting skills and economic knowledge. Your interview will involve a case study discussion based on the type of projects we undertake at Frontier. To prepare you for the discussion we will give some background information on the case study. Although the market and the subject area may be new to you, the material is intended to provide you with a basis for identifying the relevant economic concepts that you may be asked to discuss. We want to explore the strength of your knowledge in economics and the ability to apply it to solve problems. Your ability to communicate clearly and to convey complex messages in straightforward language will also be assessed. What do I do next? If you would like to apply for a vacancy you will need to create an account and complete an online application form . In order to submit an online application form you will need to provide the following information: Your personal details A CV Educational Qualifications Examination Results Academic Transcripts Language Skills Work Experience During the application form, we will also assess your motivation to want to work at Frontier Economics, your understanding about what we do, and why you like to start a career in Economics consulting. What happens next? Each application is carefully reviewed as part of our shortlisting process. You will be notified after this process if you have been invited to an interview or we are unable to process your application further. Should the interview go well, we would make an offer. Application Form Before you begin your application read our checklist: Do you meet the educational requirements specified in the job advertisement? Do you meet the language requirements for your selected office location? Visit our Vacancies and Apply page to start your application. Work experience programmes We run summer work experience programmes based in our London office in July and August. These programmes are aimed at first year undergraduates or second year undergraduates of a four-year course studying Economics. During the programme, you’ll gain valuable insight into what it’s like working at an economic consultancy. From learning about our projects to participating in company activities, the programme aims to build your confidence as your kickstart your career in economics. There are three different application pathways available: The standard pathway The Social Mobility programme and; The Black Heritage Insight Programme in partnership with The Black Economists Network The application window for our 2026 work experience programmes is now closed, and we do not accept requests for work experience outside of these programmes. Working at Frontier You must consent to the 'Targeting Cookies' category to be able to play videos in our site. Click on the link below to change your settings. Cookie Settings C0004 Find out more about Anna and Fabian's experience of the analyst programme at Frontier and their experience of Frontier culture Get in touch Want to find out more? Then why not give us a call or drop a quick email +44 (0) 20 7031 7000 recruitment@frontier-economics.com The complex made simple We use financial analysis, data science, game theory and behavioural economics to turn data into practical advice. Sectors Automotive Climate Change Communications Digital Energy Financial Services Health and Social Care Post Retail and Consumer Technology Transport Water Expertise Behavioural Economics Competition Data Science & AI Dispute Support Finance International Trade Public Policy Regulation Strategy Transfer pricing About Who We Are Our Approach People Working With Us Vacancies and Apply Contact Us Media enquiries Documents Financial Statements - Frontier Economics FY25 Download pdf (847Kb) Carbon Reduction Plan 2025 Download pdf (208Kb) Gender Pay Gap Report 2026 Download pdf (464Kb) Follow Us: Modern Slavery Statement - July 2026 Legals Cookie Policy Copyright 2026 Frontier Economics