What if the Assumptions We’ve Always Relied on in Finance No Longer Hold True?Apollo Global Management General Public General Public Institutional Investors Public Shareholders Wealth Professionals Log In Investors Former Employees Portfolio Companies About Apollo Strategies Insights & News Investors Media About Apollo Learn about our firm, our purpose, our people and our offices around the world. Explore Our History Our People Sustainability & Our Impact Careers Contact Us Sustainability Overview Expanding Opportunity Reporting & Transparency The Apollo Opportunity Foundation Financing The Global Industrial Renaissance Apollo stands as a key financing partner for some of the most innovative sectors driving our future. The Only Constant is Change As markets change, Apollo transforms by creating innovative and differentiated strategies that are defining the future of finance. Strategies Discover what makes Apollo an innovative capital provider, future-focused asset manager and leader in wealth management and retirement solutions. Explore Asset Management Retirement Solutions Credit Equity Real Assets Financial Services Financing Solutions for Companies Credit Overview Asset-Backed Finance Corporate Credit Equity Overview Private Equity Hybrid Value Impact Investing Platform Secondaries (S3) Real Assets Overview Energy Transition Real Estate European Principal Finance (EPF) Infrastructure Financial Services Overview Origination Financial Services Solutions Private Investment-Grade Credit Explore how private credit can promote resiliency in financial systems, fuel business growth and power retirement income. Insights & News Discover Apollo’s latest perspectives, case studies, research and analysis shaping conversations about private markets. Explore Insights Press Releases In the News The Daily Spark Apollo Academy Inside Alts With Marc Rowan What if the assumptions we’ve always relied on in finance no longer hold true? New Heights for Air France-KLM How Apollo’s long-duration capital and aviation expertise helped one of the world’s leading airlines soar to new heights. Investors Explore resources designed to support private markets investors and public shareholders. Explore Public Private Athene, Retirement Services Apollo Global Management, Inc. (NYSE: APO) Athene (NYSE: ATH.PRA-D) Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance (NYSE: ARI) MidCap Financial Investment Corp. (NASDAQ: MFIC) Institutional Investors Wealth Professionals Watch the Replay of Investor Day Featuring senior leaders from across the business providing insight on the firm’s progress, long-term growth opportunities, strategy and financial outlook. General Public General Public Institutional Investors Public Shareholders Wealth Professionals Log In Investors Former Employees Portfolio Companies About Apollo Strategies Insights & News Investors Media Back About Apollo Learn about our firm, our purpose, our people and our offices around the world. Explore Our History Our People Sustainability & Our Impact Careers Contact Us Financing The Global Industrial Renaissance Apollo stands as a key financing partner for some of the most innovative sectors driving our future. The Only Constant is Change As markets change, Apollo transforms by creating innovative and differentiated strategies that are defining the future of finance. Back Strategies Discover what makes Apollo an innovative capital provider, future-focused asset manager and leader in wealth management and retirement solutions. Explore Asset Management Retirement Solutions Private Investment-Grade Credit Explore how private credit can promote resiliency in financial systems, fuel business growth and power retirement income. Back Insights & News Discover Apollo’s latest perspectives, case studies, research and analysis shaping conversations about private markets. Explore Insights Press Releases In the News The Daily Spark Apollo Academy Inside Alts With Marc Rowan What if the assumptions we’ve always relied on in finance no longer hold true? New Heights for Air France-KLM How Apollo’s long-duration capital and aviation expertise helped one of the world’s leading airlines soar to new heights. Back Investors Explore resources designed to support private markets investors and public shareholders. Explore Public Private Athene, Retirement Services Watch the Replay of Investor Day Featuring senior leaders from across the business providing insight on the firm’s progress, long-term growth opportunities, strategy and financial outlook. Back Media Back to About Apollo Our History Back to About Apollo Our People Back to About Apollo Sustainability & Our Impact Sustainability Overview Expanding Opportunity Reporting & Transparency The Apollo Opportunity Foundation Back to About Apollo Careers Back to About Apollo Contact Us Back to Strategies Asset Management Credit Equity Real Assets Financial Services Financing Solutions for Companies Back to Strategies Retirement Solutions Back to Insights & News Insights Back to Insights & News Press Releases Back to Insights & News In the News Back to Insights & News The Daily Spark Back to Insights & News Apollo Academy Back to Investors Public Apollo Global Management, Inc. (NYSE: APO) Athene (NYSE: ATH.PRA-D) Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance (NYSE: ARI) MidCap Financial Investment Corp. (NASDAQ: MFIC) Back to Investors Private Institutional Investors Wealth Professionals Back to Investors Athene, Retirement Services Back to Sustainability & Our Impact Sustainability Overview Back to Sustainability & Our Impact Expanding Opportunity Back to Sustainability & Our Impact Reporting & Transparency Back to Sustainability & Our Impact The Apollo Opportunity Foundation Back to Asset Management Credit Credit Overview Asset-Backed Finance Corporate Credit Back to Asset Management Equity Equity Overview Private Equity Hybrid Value Impact Investing Platform Secondaries (S3) Back to Asset Management Real Assets Real Assets Overview Energy Transition Real Estate European Principal Finance (EPF) Infrastructure Back to Asset Management Financial Services Financial Services Overview Origination Financial Services Solutions Back to Asset Management Financing Solutions for Companies Back to Public Apollo Global Management, Inc. (NYSE: APO) Back to Public Athene (NYSE: ATH.PRA-D) Back to Public Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance (NYSE: ARI) Back to Public MidCap Financial Investment Corp. (NASDAQ: MFIC) Back to Private Institutional Investors Back to Private Wealth Professionals Search Search SUGGESTED SEARCH TERMS Private Investment-Grade Credit Capital Solutions Athene Origination Infrastructure Sustainability Hybrid Equity Market Insight Retirement Podcast Secondaries What if the Assumptions We’ve Always Relied on in Finance No Longer Hold True? What if the Assumptions We’ve Always Relied on in Finance No Longer Hold True? Apollo in the Media September 22, 2025 What if the Assumptions We’ve Always Relied on in Finance No Longer Hold True? Read More Video Apollo in the Media In This Video Marc Rowan Chief Executive Officer Did You Miss The Latest? Fixed Income: The AI Issuance Boom and What it Means For Portfolios September 17, 2026 The Reindustrialization of America Is Underway September 15, 2026 Share Apollo in the Media September 22, 2025 What if the Assumptions We’ve Always Relied on in Finance No Longer Hold True? About the Author Marc Rowan Chief Executive Officer The interview originally took place on September 2, 2025. Speaking to CNBC’s Robert Frank, Apollo CEO Marc Rowan posed a simple question: What if the assumptions we’ve always relied on in finance no longer hold true? At Apollo, we believe it’s time for a fundamental rethink of: how institutions and individuals allocate and invest how companies are financed the future of retirement and wealth generation The world has changed. The question is: will your thinking change with it? think it new Every breakthrough starts with a bold what if... In a world defined by change, we challenge old assumptions and ask the questions that matter now. Tags Video Apollo in the Media Did You Miss The Latest? Fixed Income: The AI Issuance Boom and What it Means For Portfolios September 17, 2026 The Reindustrialization of America Is Underway September 15, 2026 Share Download PDF Apollo in the Media Related Insights 24:20 Apollo in the Media Marc Rowan on How Apollo’s Differentiated Strategy Was Built for This Moment Marc Rowan Marc Rowan breaks down the structural shifts reshaping investing, why private markets are no longer the “alternative,” and how Apollo’s differentiated strategy and long duration capital were built for this moment. 1:04 Real Assets | Apollo in the Media Leslie Mapondera Discusses Apollo’s $6.5 Billion Commitment to Ørsted’s Hornsea 3 and More on Bloomberg Leslie Mapondera On Bloomberg, Apollo Partner Leslie Mapondera discusses Apollo’s investment activity across European energy and infrastructure, including the firm’s recent $6.5 billion commitment to Ørsted’s Hornsea 3, the world’s largest offshore wind project. 11:18 Financial Services | Apollo in the Media Jim Zelter Discusses Credit Markets, AI Infrastructure and Economic Resilience on Bloomberg TV Jim Zelter Apollo President Jim Zelter joins Bloomberg TV to discuss expectations for 2026, the evolving AI-driven CapEx cycle, shifts within investment-grade credit markets and why dispersion is creating attractive opportunities for credit investors. Social Explore Apollo About Us Strategies Sustainability & Our Impact Insights & News Careers Media More Information Athene Apollo Academy Investor Relations (NYSE: APO) Contact Us Governance Terms of Use Privacy Policy Web Fraud & Phishing Disclosures Disclaimer Forward-Looking Statements Form CRS Cookies © Apollo Global Management, Inc. 2026 All Rights Reserved.