Graduate - Regulatory Affairs job in London, London, United Kingdom | Regulatory Affairs jobs at MSD Applicant sign-in Menu Close We are one company, but we operate under two different corporate brand names. We are known as Merck & Co., Inc., Rahway, NJ, USA in the United States, Canada & Puerto Rico. We are known as MSD everywhere else. Company Company overview Stories Responsibility Leadership Leadership overview Board of directors Executive team Culture & values Culture & values overview Code of conduct & compliance Diversity & inclusion Policies & positions Business development & licensing Suppliers Suppliers overview Supplier registration Research Research overview COVID-19 Areas of focus Oncology Vaccines Infectious diseases Cardio-metabolic diseases Pipeline Discovery & development Product patents Patients Patients overview Patient & treatment education Careers Careers Search Jobs Our Divisions Research Laboratories Research & Development Manufacturing & Supply Human Health Animal Health Global Support Functions Student Opportunities Compensation & Benefits How We Hire USA, Canada & Puerto Rico Careers Talent Community Blog Events Media Media overview Company fact sheet Careers Search Jobs Our Divisions Research Laboratories Research & Development Manufacturing & Supply Human Health Animal Health Global Support Functions EBRG Therapeutic Areas Careers in Oncology Careers in Cardiovascular Careers in Vaccines Careers in Infectious diseases Compensation & Benefits Student Opportunities How We Hire USA, Canada & Puerto Rico Careers Blog Events Talent Community Contact us Worldwide See our worldwide locations and country contact information. You are now leaving this website. By continuing, you will be directed to a site intended only for residents of the United States and Canada. We are called MSD everywhere, except in the United States and Canada where we are known as Merck & Co Inc, Rahway, NJ USA. Yes No You are now leaving this website. By continuing, you will be directed to a site intended only for residents of the United States and Canada. We are called MSD everywhere, except in the United States and Canada where we are known as Merck & Co., Inc., Rahway, NJ, USA. Yes No We’re sorry – the job you are trying to apply for is no longer available. Maybe you would like to consider the Categories below : This site is for Residents of Europe, Middle East, Africa, Latin America & Asia Pacific. Residents of the United States, Canada & Puerto Rico, please click here . Media player About Us We are one company, but we operate under two different corporate brand names. We are known as Merck & Co., Inc., Rahway, NJ, USA in the United States, Canada & Puerto Rico. We are known as MSD everywhere else See more Our Benefits Discover how we support our employees’ well-being to help them fulfill their potential. Learn more Be Yourself Our culture values a diversity of voices and always bringing your best self to work. Learn more See more Watch the video Close the popup Curious about our hiring process? Job Search, Application & Interview Tips Frequently Asked Questions Applicant Notice The Physician Payment Sunshine Act (PPSA) Find out more See more See more Not ready to apply? Join our Talent Community to stay connected and receive updates on the latest job opportunities. Join us See more Connect with us on social Beware of hiring scams. Review our Applicant Notice . This careers website is intended for Residents of Europe, Middle East, Africa, Latin America & Asia Pacific. Residents in the United States, Canada & Puerto Rico, please visit this Careers website . Information on this site is for the purpose of presenting career opportunities at our organisation and give our audience a view of our culture, diversity and growth opportunities. Our Company is an equal opportunity employer, proudly embracing diversity in all of its manifestations. Corporate responsibility Learn more about ESG with our Company. Reporting on our commitment to society, people and communities around the world. MSD for Mothers An initiative to create a world where no woman has to die giving life. About MSD MSD Animal Health The global animal health business unit of MSD. Forward-looking statement Cookie policy Cookie preferences Privacy Terms of Use Sitemap Copyright © 2026 Merck & Co., Inc., Rahway, NJ, USA and its affiliates. All rights reserved. 5f08c63903e04489ae4d4a30ad47957e