Tax | PwC UK Careers Skip to content Skip to footer Early careers Experienced careers Flexible or contractor careers Working at PwC Our people, their stories. More Search Menu Early careers Early careers Applying and FAQs Employability hub Entry level Graduate Our events Our job search Training and development Undergraduate Menu Early careers Applying and FAQs Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessment and selection process Do you need immigration authorisation to work in the UK? FAQs The behaviours we look for Menu Early careers Employability hub Menu Early careers Entry level Entry level programmes Flying Start degree programmes New World. New Skills. Virtual Insight Programme Menu Early careers Graduate Advisory and Consulting Audit, Accounting, Tax and Finance Legal Services Strategy Technology and AI Menu Early careers Our events Virtual Classroom Menu Early careers Our job search Menu Early careers Training and development Menu Early careers Undergraduate Diversity Programmes Legal Summer Vacation Scheme Summer Internship Undergraduate Work Placement Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Experienced careers Experienced careers Application support Careers toolkit Partner recruitment Search all jobs Menu Experienced careers Application support Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessments - what to expect Our application experience PwC sponsorship and working permits Recruitment agencies The behaviours we look for Menu Experienced careers Careers toolkit Menu Experienced careers Partner recruitment Menu Experienced careers Search all jobs Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Flexible careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible careers Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Working at PwC Working at PwC Career development Discover our UK offices Inclusion Our business areas Our people. Their stories Reward and benefits Wellbeing at PwC Menu Working at PwC Career development Menu Working at PwC Discover our UK offices Menu Working at PwC Inclusion Menu Working at PwC Our business areas Actuarial Audit Business Solutions Consulting Deals Legal Operate Tax Technology Menu Working at PwC Our people. Their stories Menu Working at PwC Reward and benefits Menu Working at PwC Wellbeing at PwC Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Our people, their stories. Our people, their stories. Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Loading Results No Match Found View All Results Careers in Tax, Legal and Workforce We grow deep technical experts to design best-in-class tax, legal and workforce strategies that empower clients to move from complexity to execution. We’re a community that is open and collaborative, fuelled by curious minds, innovation and an entrepreneurial spirit. It’s not just that you’ll be surrounded by experts. It’s the fact that we truly relish working together. That we share the same values and standards. That we are always there for each other and get involved. Ready to play our part and go above and beyond. Working with people like that makes anything possible. So we pride ourselves on providing our people with continued learning and development. The place for you to grow your career. PwC is a market-leading Tax, Legal and Workforce practice, so this is where you can do the best work of your career. The scale, complexity and variety of our clients creates more interesting assignments with greater challenges and bigger opportunities. You’ll be dealing with more jurisdictions, more legal entities, more stakeholders, so you’ll gain a broader perspective, build a stronger, more agile set of skills and stretch yourself further. And that’s true wherever you choose to base yourself. The depth and breadth of our client portfolio means that you can build a fascinating career across every region of the UK. Market‑leading work We are market leading so you can do the best work of your career. ​ Client service at this level can be demanding and unpredictable, partnering with clients at times of high stakes and complexity. Whether you are directly client-facing or not, building strong relationships, making human connections, and fostering trust are central to the Tax, Legal and Workforce mindset. We hold a significant proportion of all client relationships across PwC. So you have the chance to act as the entry-point for clients to a wider range of PwC teams and services, expanding your understanding of a client’s organisation, adding to the variety of your work and helping your build a broader set of skills. Client trust and impact We build trust with clients so you can have more impact.​ Our investment in technology is designed to help you future-proof your skills and shape the future. Tech unlocks new ways for us to help our clients. In turn, that fosters more variety and opportunity for our people, creating new paths for you to thrive as an agile market-facing generalist or a deep technical specialist. On an everyday level, increased automation frees up more time for you to deliver high-value, high-profile tasks that help you progress your career. Leading technology We are leading on technology so you can shape tomorrow. ​ The thing that most people love about working in Tax, Legal and Workforce is the variety and intensity of intellectual challenges. Being part of a market-leading firm, working for high-profile clients, on their most challenging projects means doing work that genuinely stretches you. It’s stimulating and highly creative, demanding every ounce of your technical excellence, mental agility, curiosity and judgement. Stimulating challenges We tackle more complex projects so you can enjoy more stimulating challenges.​ Having people you can rely on is one of the things that makes working in Tax, Legal and Workforce so special. And that makes building powerful networks across the firm fundamental to your career. There’s a vibrant and diverse mix of people, cultures and teams. And you’ll find an open and down-to-earth attitude at every level. We know our people set high standards for themselves, so we treat everyone as an individuals and trust them to run with big opportunities. We offer flexible working, based around three days in the office, and are committed to helping people find the right work-life balance. You won’t need to sacrifice your life-goals or wellbeing to be a success here. And you’ll have strong coaching, mentoring and support structures to help you meet your ambitions. Collaborative culture We have a powerful culture of collaboration so you can rely on a network of high-quality colleagues.​ Progression at PwC comes in many forms. And it’s powered by an honest, transparent and personalised approach to development and promotion. We invest in your career from day one, providing the coaching and resources to constantly update your skills. No-one here is ever the finished article. If you bring curiosity about your own development, we’ll help you explore your potential, find the things you enjoy, and be valued for all that you contribute. We encourage people to try new things, start their own initiatives and explore the whole of the firm. You might move between teams or lines of service. You might take a client or international secondment. You’ll certainly experience a number of roles and challenges as you progress. Career progression We invest in your skills, so you can build your own career path.​ < Back < Back [+] Read More Explore our teams - Corporate Tax and Specialist Areas Equipped with the scale of a connected global network, the work we do is interesting and diverse, with clients ranging from multinational and global companies, public sector bodies, entrepreneurs, and family businesses. Through utilising technology, and harnessing our diverse thinking, we’re agile and deliver top tier value to our clients. Corporate Consulting We help listed, inbound, privately owned, and financial services organisations meet their tax obligations whilst managing the impact tax has on their business. Deals Tax Working closely with our Deals practice, we advise on the tax implications of deals projects. We cover three areas: business recovery services; real estate; and mergers and acquisitions. International Tax and Treasury We work with multinational businesses affected by tax, legislative and regulatory developments. We help structure these businesses in a tax-efficient manner, both locally and globally across all aspects of international taxation. Indirect Tax We advise across all aspects of VAT compliance and structuring, customs, excise and environmental taxes. We provide innovative solutions to navigate challenges, both locally and globally. Private Client and Privately-owned Businesses We advise wealthy individuals, families and their businesses on managing their personal and company tax affairs in the UK and abroad. This includes key events such as buying and selling assets and businesses, international mobility and inheritance and wealth succession. Tax Reporting and Strategy We help businesses align their tax strategy with their wider business strategy, help to accelerate the impact of technology in tax, unblock data insights and meet their domestic and global compliance and reporting obligations. Transfer Pricing We help organisations understand the pricing implications of goods and services between related parties. We learn how our clients operate, why they succeed, where value lies and how that aligns with international tax rules. Stamp Taxes We’re one of the largest stamp tax practices in the UK. We work in partnership with HMRC across a range of transactions from Private Business, Private Client, Financial Services, and global Mergers and Acquisitions. Research and Development (R&D) We advise businesses throughout their innovation life cycle - ensuring they benefit from the full range of reliefs and credits available. This includes R&D, expenditure credits / tax credits, and Patent Box, and other innovation reliefs. Capital Allowances We’re a team of tax professionals, chartered accountants and surveyors who advise clients on all aspects of property taxation. We also advise on various opportunities including short life assets, acquisition and vendor due diligence, and lease incentives. Tax Technology We evolve Tax at PwC and deliver innovative technologies to our clients using cloud engineering, machine learning, and trail blazing SaaS ventures. Tax Disputes We’re dispute resolution specialists covering all taxes and business areas to prevent, manage and resolve tax disputes with HMRC. As part of a global network of Dispute specialists, we provide multinational support where required. “At PwC, I can drive my own career progression in an environment that allows me to build on my unique skills. There’s no fixed route - it’s all personal to you.” Adessa Senior Manager, Reward and Employment “There’s a sense of belonging in the team and I think we bring out the best in each other. We’re all supportive of each other and work together to overcome any challenges.” Jessica Manager, Accounting Services Workforce In Workforce, you’ll help some of the leading UK and international organisations make the most of their biggest asset - their people. The world of work is transforming at pace. And our Workforce practice is at the leading edge, defining end-to-end solutions for bespoke, complex and high-profile projects. As a recognised market leader, clients come to us for the breadth of our capability, bringing together cross-disciplinary teams to solve multi-dimensional people problems. We are known for our technical expertise, diverse client list, and investment in people, training and technology. So this is where your expertise will have more impact, delivering end-to-end solutions on critical client projects. Reward and Employment We help clients ensure that the way their people are rewarded is aligned to corporate strategy, is cost effective and best supports employee performance and retention. Pensions We consult on and design plans to help clients develop and implement their pension strategy, defined contributions or benefit schemes. Legal This is no ordinary legal career. With legal specialists in over 100 countries, you’ll be joining one of the most extensive legal services networks in the world, sitting at the intersection of law, business, and technology. We support clients to provide certainty in a time of disruption, providing clear and actionable advice, and embracing technology to enable better decision making. Our legal team is uniquely placed as part of our Tax practice, providing opportunities for collaboration between the wide range of skills and specialities we have at PwC. We combine legal expertise with the scale, resources, commercial understanding and future focus of a global professional services firm. We surround you with experts and put the latest data and tech tools at your disposal. So you can have more impact, building deeper client relationships and solving real business problems. Learn more about Legal Legal Where you can join us in Tax Entry level programme For school and college leavers or career changes Diversity in Business For undergraduate students Summer internships For undergraduate students Legal Services For undergraduate and graduate students Audit, Accounting, Tax and Finance (Tax Services) For graduate students Advisory and Consulting (Workforce Consulting) For graduate students Tax For experienced careers Explore our other business areas Business areas Join our Talent Community Sign up Follow PwC UK Careers Working at PwC Inclusion Reward and benefits Discover our UK offices Our People. Their Stories. Talent Community Alumni Our Business Actuarial Audit Consulting Deals Business Solutions Legal Operate Risk Tax Technology Early Careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Event search Job search Employability hub Training and development Applying and FAQs Experienced Careers Our job search Careers toolkit Applying Partner Recruitment Flexible and contractor Our job search Flexible careers Contractor careers Join our Talent Community Your account © 2020 - 2026 PwC. All rights reserved. PwC refers to the PwC network and/or one or more of its member firms, each of which is a separate legal entity. Please see www.pwc.com/structure for further details. Privacy Statement Cookies info Legal Disclaimer About Site Provider Provision of Services Diversity Web Accessibility