Early Careers | Students & Recent Graduates | BCG Careers Early Careers At Boston Consulting Group (BCG), you'll find more than a job—you'll discover a place where your talents are nurtured and your impact valued. By joining BCG early in your career, you'll gain experience and skills that will bring you success beyond your expectations. View jobs Start Your Career at BCG Early careers at BCG are fast-paced, intellectually stimulating, and full of opportunities to grow. From your first day, you’ll join an inclusive, high-performing team that values your perspective. You’ll learn through hands-on experience, mentorship, and world-class training, all while being supported to maintain balance and wellbeing. We’ll help you stretch your thinking, build confidence, and make an impact from the start. Your experiences and relationships here will accelerate your career growth and open doors—within and beyond BCG. Experience BCG Virtual Job Simulations Experience what it's like to work with us. Step into our job simulations and get a feel for the roles, challenges, and impact of our teams. Job simulations Explore BCGer Stories Learn about the career journeys, growth, and experiences of BCGers through blogs from our people. Explore the blog skip this widget Challenge Yourself You'll work across diverse industries, partnering with a vast array of clients, from multinationals and NGOs to tech startups. This offers a steep learning curve, sharpening your skills and enabling impactful contributions from day one. Explore working at BCG Frequently Asked Questions Explore answers to frequently asked questions about starting a career at BCG. Does BCG visit college/university campuses? Yes, BCG actively recruits at colleges and universities worldwide. Our team may soon be near you, offering insights into BCG and our career opportunities. Find out if BCG is present on a campus near you. Does BCG offer consulting internships? Yes, internships are a common pathway into full-time consulting careers at BCG. Join us as an intern and immerse yourself in real consulting work. Mentored by our experienced consultants, you’ll take on meaningful projects, interact with our clients, and get a comprehensive view of life at BCG. Internship durations vary by role and location, typically ranging from a few weeks to a year. Explore our internship opportunities to learn more. What other opportunities does BCG offer beyond consulting? We offer a variety of careers outside of consulting, including data science and analytics, product management, business operations, finance and more! Get to know our teams better by exploring the ‘teams’ section of our navigation. Ready to Apply? Discover opportunities that match your ambitions. At BCG, you’ll work with exceptional people, solve meaningful challenges, and grow your career across our global offices and disciplines. View Jobs Explore Our Benefits We invest in every BCGer with our employee benefits package, crafted to support financial wellbeing, physical wellbeing, mental health, and work-life balance. Employee benefits Discover What We Stand For At BCG, we build trust, collaboration, and leadership through continuous learning and growth. It's no surprise most BCGers are proud to work here. Learn more Join the BCG Talent Community Sign up to receive our news, insights and inspiration. Sign up now FOLLOW US © 2026 Boston Consulting Group Careers Events Blog Privacy Policy Terms of Use Personal Data Request Boston Consulting Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity / expression, national origin, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected under federal, state or local law, where applicable, and those with criminal histories will be considered in a manner consistent with applicable state and local laws. In compliance with the Transparency in Coverage Final Rules (85 FR 72158) issued by the U.S. Departments of the Treasury, Labor, and Health and Human Services, we provide access to Machine-Readable Files containing detailed pricing information. Additionally, disclosures required by the Federal No Surprises Act are available. f85e79fe04794ab2909f8b3696cede71