Future Prison Leaders Programme Future Prison Leaders Programme You could build an ordinary career. Or you could build an extraordinary one as a prison leader. If you have an ambition to lead where it matters and you’re looking for a new challenge in an environment like no other, the Future Prison Leaders Programme is for you. Being a prison leader is an extraordinary job, and it can be done by someone like you. If you have the potential to lead and want to pursue it, while making a difference to society by reducing reoffending, promoting rehabilitation, and maintaining security, register your interest today. The Future Prison Leaders Programme will see you fast-track your way from prison officer to leading your own prison department in just 3 years. With a dedicated training programme and clear progression path, you will gain first-hand experience of working in a variety of roles and prisons to give you the skills and knowledge you’ll need to be a future prison leader. Register your interest Complete this short form and we'll let you know when applications are open. Which service(s) are you interested in Prison Officer Operational Support Grade PQiP Prison Alumni Vacancy Manager Led Senior Civil Service First Name * Surname * Email * Are you currently employed by the Ministry of Justice, including MoJ HQ, HMPPS, HMCTS, OPG, CICA, LAA, a MoJ arms length body or non-departmental public body? * Yes No Consent Please read our privacy notice . I confirm that the information I have provided above is correct and accurate and that I agree with the privacy notice. * I Confirm I give consent that the anonymised data I have provided in my application may be used to receive relevant tailored content and advertisements through various platforms including social media. Such anonymised data will also be used to identify and advertise to people who are similar to me, who may also be interested in working for HMPPS. * I Confirm Submit MoJ is committed to protecting the privacy and security of your personal information. This privacy notice describes how we collect and use personal information about you during and after your working relationship with us, in accordance with data protection law, including the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). It applies to all employees, workers and contractors. Read our full privacy policy