Investment Banking Internship 2027 - Peel Hunt Skip to main content This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience. Peel Hunt and our selected partners use cookies and similar technologies (together “cookies”) that are necessary to present this website, and to ensure you get the best experience of it. If you consent to it, we will also use cookies for analytics purposes. See our Cookie Policy to read more about the cookies we set. You can withdraw and manage your consent at any time, by clicking “Manage cookies” at the bottom of each website page. Accept all cookies Decline all non-necessary cookies Cookie preferences Select which cookies you accept On this site, we always set cookies that are strictly necessary, meaning they are necessary for the site to function properly. If you consent to it, we will also set other types of cookies. You can provide or withdraw your consent to the different types of cookies using the toggles below. You can change or withdraw your consent at any time, by clicking the link “Manage Cookies”, which is always available at the bottom of the site. To learn more about what the different types of cookies do, how your data is used when they are set etc, see our Cookie Policy . Strictly necessary These cookies are necessary to make the site work properly, and are always set when you visit the site. Vendors Teamtailor Analytics These cookies collect information to help us understand how the site is being used. Vendors Teamtailor Accept these cookies Decline all non-necessary cookies Career menu Current Vacancies Employee Log in as employee Candidate Log in to Connect Homepage peelhunt.com Share page Facebook X LinkedIn Mail Investment Banking · London Investment Banking Internship 2027 Apply for this job Investment Banking Internship Programme 2027 Our investment banking division provides a range of financial advisory and capital markets services, delivering value to corporate clients through an integrated investment banking approach. Our highly experienced team provides advice and services on equity capital markets, debt advisory, private and public mergers & acquisitions (M&A), investor relations, private equity and corporate broking. Our specialist sector and product teams are led by experienced practitioners widely recognised as being leaders in their chosen areas of practice. The Programme Our eight-week Summer Internship Programme is designed for ambitious students looking to explore a career in investment banking and corporate broking. Working alongside Analysts on live transactions and client projects across a range of sector and product teams, you'll gain valuable hands-on experience while developing the technical, commercial and relationship-building skills needed to succeed in the industry. Beyond providing an authentic insight into life at Peel Hunt, the programme also serves as a pathway to our Investment Banking Graduate Programme for those who demonstrate strong potential. Eligibility The programme is open to: Penultimate and final-year undergraduate students Master's students Recent graduates To be considered, applicants must be on track to achieve, or have achieved, a minimum 2:1 degree (or international equivalent) and have a strong academic record. Application Process If your application is successful, you will be invited to attend an online assessment session in January 2027, followed by interviews at our offices at 100 Liverpool Street, London. Please ensure you are available to attend both stages of the recruitment process before applying. Internship Dates Successful candidates must be available for the full duration of the Summer Internship Programme, which will take place during July and August 2027 In addition, we may offer a small number of internship opportunities during Easter 2027 to exceptional candidates identified through the recruitment process. You will be asked for your availability through the application process. What We're Looking For We are looking for candidates who can demonstrate: A minimum expected or achieved 2:1 degree (or equivalent) A strong academic record at A-Level (or equivalent qualifications) A genuine interest in UK capital markets, investment banking and corporate broking Strong numerical, analytical and problem-solving skills Strong organisational and project management skills Drive, motivation and determination to succeed Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Curiosity, enthusiasm and a willingness to learn A strong work ethic and commitment to high standards Integrity and sound judgement, aligned with Peel Hunt's values Department Investment Banking Role Investment Banking Intern Location London Apply for this job Investment Banking · London Investment Banking Internship 2027 Loading application form Close modal Current Vacancies Data & privacy Manage cookies X LinkedIn peelhunt.com/ Employee login Candidate Connect login Applicant tracking system by Teamtailor