Engineering Intern - Agentic AI domain at ING Skip to main content Menu Jobs for you About ING Working at ING Diversity, Inclusion & Belonging Expertise & Teams Early careers Locations Events Close Close Saved Jobs Find your job and make it yours Keyword Search City, State, or ZIP Use Location Find your job Close Close English English English Nederlands Dutch Deutsch German Français French Español Spanish Italiano Italian Română Romanian Polski Polish Engineering Intern - Agentic AI domain REQ-10121542 23/09/2026 Trainee Amsterdam, Netherlands ING Bank Apply now Save for Later As an intern in our Agentic AI team, you will support ING Analytics department with standardizing the technical setup of our Gen-AI and agentic AI use cases. The aim of this graduate internship is to create standardized tools and frameworks for Agentic AI development to ensure repo standards, best practices, and consistent tooling and metrics across teams. The team The Analytics Engineering Center of Excellence team, with over 100 members and expanding, aims to make ING data-driven by leveraging Data and Analytics to deliver impactful solutions. We foster a collaborative and creative work environment focused on supporting our people and projects. Key Responsibilities Repo Standardisation: To improve lead time of setting up an agentic project, you help design and build repo standardisation framework and tools for agentic projects in ING. You research how teams currently work and which components are needed. Inspired by tools like google’s agents-cli, you propose and implement a framework/tooling to quickly scaffold agentic project repositories that is adapted to ING specific standards and components. You make sure this enables a consistent repo structure across teams, and pre-commit hooks to help teams follow standards. You include the necessary CI/CD pipelines for linting, formatting, testing, and deploying the solution to ING’s GCP platform. The framework can then be extended to includes agent design patterns, connections setup (e.g. kafka, api’s), infrastructure code (Terraform), testing, evaluation frameworks. Metrics Framework Development: As agentic AI systems become more prevalent in production environments, the need for standardized observability and performance tracking has become critical. Currently, each project implements its own custom metrics collection, leading to duplicationand inconsistency. You help design and implement a standardized metrics collection and reporting package for agentic AI projects, enabling teams to capture, analyze, and visualize agent performance data in BigQuery. The framework should provide instrumentation for common agent patterns while remaining extensible for project-specific metrics. AI Engineering: You will work as an AI engineer in one of ING’s agentic AI initiatives. Demo & Presentation: Participate in technical demos, knowledge sharing sessions and chapter-meetings for ING’s Data&AI engineering teams Qualifications: Currently pursuing a degree in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Mathematics, or a related field. Strong analytical and quantitative skills. Basic knowledge of Python programming. Interest in data and AI engineering. Excellent communication skills and attention to detail. Ability to work in a fast-paced, team-oriented environment. What We Offer: A dynamic and international environment. As part of the Data & Analytics Engineering team, you will collaborate within a cross-functional group responsible for end-to-end delivery and ownership, contributing in an Agile manner throughout the application lifecycle. Hands-on experience in data & AI engineering in our global analytics department. Exposure to senior professionals and industry leaders. Introduction to data engineering concepts and latest technologies in GCP. Rewards and benefits This is a great opportunity to train with highly skilled people who are experts in their field. You’ll do a lot and learn a lot – not only about your specialist area and the bank, but also about yourself and whether this type of environment is right for you. You’ll also benefit from: Internship allowance of 700 EUR based on a 36 hours work week Your own work laptop Hybrid working to blend home working for focus and office working for collaboration and co-creation Personal growth and challenging work with endless possibilities An informal working environment with innovative colleagues During the duration of your internship at ING, it is mandatory to be enrolled at a Dutch university (or EU-university for EU passport holders). Want to apply directly? Please upload your CV and motivation letter by clicking the ‘Apply’ button. About our internships Every year, more than 350 students join our internship program. While there are no guarantees about your future, many of our former interns move into a permanent role or onto our International Talent Programme (traineeship). Whatever happens, an internship at ING is the ideal opportunity to meet a wide variety of people, to build up your own network, and to learn about many different aspects of banking – put simply, it’s a great start to your career. Apply now Save for Later Share this job LinkedIn Email X Your place of work Explore the area Questions? Just ask Malgorzata Klimkiewicz Ask by email Apply now Save for Later ING’s vision is to unlock our people’s full potential through our inclusive culture where everyone has the opportunity to develop and have impact for our customers and society. To achieve this vision, our policies support diversity, equity, and inclusion. As an equal opportunity employer, we do not tolerate discrimination of any kind with regard to age, gender, gender identity, cultural background, experience, religion, race, ethnicity, disability, family responsibilities, sexual orientation, social origin, or any other status protected by applicable law. If you require any assistance or if we can accommodate you in any way when participating in our application and/or interview process, please email the recruiting contact listed for the relevant position. We will be happy to work with you to ensure a fair and accessible process. Read more about our commitment to diversity, inclusion and belonging here . Scroll down More for you About ING ING is a global bank with a strong European base. More than 60,000 colleagues serve around 38 million customers and corporate clients in over 40 countries. June 28, 2024 Article Culture Working at ING Working at ING means working with great people: friendly, collaborative and (we think) fun! We empower the people around us and our customers to stay a step ahead. A job at ING comes with autonomy and the expectation to drive progress, deliver a superior customer experience and create a more sustainable future for people and planet. August 13, 2024 Article Culture Wholesale Banking in APAC Nasz zasięg Wholesale Banking w regionie APAC obejmuje Hongkong, Pekin, Szanghaj, Tajwan, Koreę Południową, Japonię, Indonezję, Indie, Filipiny i Wietnam. August 13, 2024 Article Expertise & Teams Wholesale Banking Location Spotlight Related Content Audit Services at ING Drive integrity and transparency in our financial operations by ensuring compliance and identifying areas for improvement. Be the watchdog that safeguards our organisational health. August 12, 2024 Article Expertise & Teams Early Careers At ING, we're not just about banking. We also want to empower you to explore a world brimming with opportunities. Our early careers offerings—ranging from trainee and talent programmes to specialised IT classes—are designed to ignite your passion and accelerate your journey of professional and personal growth. August 13, 2024 Overview Students & Graduates Related Content International Talent Programme ING's International Talent Programme offers global traineeships with three rotations, including one abroad, focusing on personal, professional, and organizational development. August 13, 2024 Overview Early Careers: Global Graduate Programme Programmes Risk International Talent Programme As a Risk trainee, you’ll be working on strategies to manage and prevent risks to our business. The financial consequences are big, the margin for error tiny. Are you up to the challenge? August 13, 2024 Article Students & Graduates Early Careers: Global Graduate Programme Related Content Tech International Talent Programme As a Tech trainee, you’ll be working at the cutting edge of financial technology at an incredibly interesting time. Your work will have a direct impact on our customers throughout the world. Join us and shape the future of banking. August 13, 2024 Article Students & Graduates Early Careers: Global Graduate Programme Early Careers: Local Opportunities Related Content Wholesale Banking International Talent Programme As a Wholesale Banking trainee, you’ll play an active role in the dynamic, globe-straddling world of corporate banking. You’ll be doing essential work as a trusted advisor for big clients, on big deals. August 13, 2024 Article Students & Graduates Early Careers: Global Graduate Programme Related Content Global Analytics Graduate Programme (ITP) Join ING's Global Analytics Graduate Programme to harness data for smarter banking. Experience three rotations, global impact, and drive innovation. August 13, 2024 Article Students & Graduates Early Careers: Global Graduate Programme Programmes Business Banking International Talent Programme Business Banking is one of the three pillars of Retail Banking. In Business Banking we serve three types of customers: self-employed, SMEs and mid-corporates. August 13, 2024 Overview Students & Graduates Early Careers: Global Graduate Programme Early Careers: Local Opportunities Related Content Finance International Talent Programme Join ING's Finance International Talent Programme. Experience three rotations, shape key decisions, and fast-track your career in finance globally. August 13, 2024 Article Students & Graduates Early Careers: Global Graduate Programme Related Content Operations and Change International Talent Programme Join ING's Operations and Change International Talent Programme. Drive strategic initiatives and lead transformative projects in banking! August 13, 2024 Article Students & Graduates Early Careers: Global Graduate Programme Related Content Retail Banking International Talent Programme As a retail banking trainee, your work will directly impact millions of customers. And if you’ve got smart ideas for how to push banking forward, you’ll be encouraged to make them happen - right from day one. August 13, 2024 Article Students & Graduates Retail Banking Early Careers: Global Graduate Programme Related Content Human Resources International Talent Programme Join ING's HR International Talent Programme. Experience three rotations, shape our culture, and drive innovation in HR across the globe. Apply now! August 13, 2024 Article Students & Graduates Early Careers: Global Graduate Programme Related Content Wholesale Banking Our purpose is to empower people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. So whatever financial needs of our corporate clients have, whether they are looking to expand and want strategic advice, or just want more efficient day-to-day banking, we support their business ambitions. August 13, 2024 Overview Expertise & Teams Wholesale Banking Related Content Working at ING in the Philippines ING Hubs Philippines started in 2013 under the name of ING Global Shared Operations, offering in-house processing services for financial markets, lending, and trade and finance services (TFS) to some of ING’s Wholesale Banking branches in Asia. August 13, 2024 Article Location Spotlight ING Hubs Related Content Working at ING in Poland At ING in Poland, we offer exciting opportunities across two main entities: ING Hubs Poland and ING Bank Śląski. Together, they form a critical part of ING’s global operations, driving innovation, customer service excellence, and sustainable finance. August 13, 2024 Article Overview Location Spotlight ING Hubs Related Content Working at ING in Romania At ING in Romania, we offer exciting opportunities across two main entities: ING Hubs Romania and ING Bank Romania. Together, they form a critical part of ING’s global operations, driving innovation, customer service excellence, and sustainable finance. August 13, 2024 Article Location Spotlight ING Hubs Related Content Security Join ING Security to protect people, assets, and data. Be part of a mission to keep the bank safe and trusted globally with innovative, automated solutions. August 21, 2024 Article Expertise & Teams Employee Stories Related Content Retail Banking By providing the right information and tools at the right time, supported by clear and easy products, ING strives to empower people to make better financial decisions. May 15, 2024 Article Expertise & Teams Retail Banking Related Content Technology What makes ING Tech such a great place to work? Ask our colleagues! They’ll tell you about how we’re applying technology on a global scale to provide a superior customer experience that’s easy, instant, personal, and relevant. May 15, 2024 Article Expertise & Teams Business support & Business Management Empower our teams with seamless operational support and strategic management. Be the backbone that keeps our business running smoothly and efficiently. August 12, 2024 Article Expertise & Teams Locations Explore our locations around the globe and discover where you want to work. August 13, 2024 Overview Expertise & Teams Related Content Working at ING in the Netherlands There’s a good chance we’ve met before. If you’ve watched the Dutch football team play, flown out of Schiphol airport or visited the Rijksmuseum, it’s likely you’ll have seen our orange lion. The Netherlands is our home, and we’re proud of our strong Dutch heritage. August 13, 2024 Article Overview Location Spotlight Related Content Working at ING in Australia Over 20 years ago, we launched the country’s first high-interest, fee-free online savings account. Today, we continue to lead with innovative products like home loans, superannuation, credit cards, and more. August 13, 2024 Article Overview Location Spotlight Related Content Working at ING in Belgium With over 6,000 employees in Belgium, we’re a significant employer. Research shows that our vibrant ‘orange’ culture sets us apart. We offer impactful roles in an inclusive and collaborative work environment, competitive benefits, great flexibility thanks to our hybrid work model and opportunities to grow your career. August 13, 2024 Article Overview Employee Stories Location Spotlight Related Content Working at ING in Italy As a trusted partner for millions of corporate and retail clients, ING is active in Italy with its two business lines: Wholesale & Retail Banking. Our almost 1,300 employees are spread across our office in Milan and our branches and stores in 16 cities. August 13, 2024 Article Overview Location Spotlight Related Content Working at ING in Luxembourg At ING Luxembourg, we are committed to innovation, sustainability, and excellence. As part of the global ING Group, we provide comprehensive financial services, including banking, investments, insurance, and pensions. August 13, 2024 Article Overview Location Spotlight Related Content Philipines Hubs Discover ING Hubs Philippines – a global hub for IT, finance, risk management, and data analytics, supporting 40 countries with over 4,800 employees. August 13, 2024 Overview ING Hubs Related Content Working in ING Hubs Poland Established in 2003 and located in Katowice and Warsaw, ING Hubs Poland provides IT and operational services to all ING units. August 13, 2024 Overview About ING Business ING Hubs Related Content Romania Hubs ING Hubs Romania offers 130 services in software development, data management, non-financial risk & compliance, audit, and retail operations to 24 ING units worldwide, with the help of over 1,700 high-performing engineers and risk and operations professionals. August 13, 2024 Overview ING Hubs Related Content Slovakia Hubs ING Hubs Slovakia dates back to 2009 and was built on the longstanding expertise and established presence of ING in Slovakia. Our current team of 1,400 employees provides expert services and drives change and improvement in ING processes. August 13, 2024 Article ING Hubs Related Content Türkiye Hubs Established in 2023, ING Hubs Türkiye offers tech and data analytics services inside ING Group with its team of data experts, developers and other professionals working in the Istanbul office. August 13, 2024 Article ING Hubs Related Content Wholesale Banking in EMEA The EMEA region is the largest of the three Wholesale Banking regions with 23 countries, serving as a gateway to Europe for American and Asian multinationals. Our network is the driving force behind our business strategy. We are working together across borders to make a difference in the markets and sectors we operate in. August 13, 2024 Article Expertise & Teams Wholesale Banking Related Content Risk Management Identify, assess, and mitigate risks to protect our assets. Be the strategist safeguarding our enterprise. May 15, 2024 Article Overview Expertise & Teams Communications and Brand Experience Here, you'll craft compelling narratives and create engaging brand experiences. Make it your job to influence how the world sees our brand with your creative and fast-paced work. August 12, 2024 Article Expertise & Teams Corporate and Facility Services Manage our physical and corporate environments to optimise efficiency. Be the curator of spaces where innovation thrives. August 12, 2024 Article Expertise & Teams Related Content Customer Experience Elevate every touchpoint to create exceptional customer journeys. Be the architect of client satisfaction and loyalty. August 12, 2024 Article Expertise & Teams Related Content Data Modelling and Analytics Harness data to draw out insights and inform decision-making. Be the analytical powerhouse fuelling our strategic moves. August 12, 2024 Article Expertise & Teams Related Content Finance Manage our financial health and guide our economic strategies. Be the financial steward that ensures our prosperity. August 12, 2024 Article Expertise & Teams Related Content Human Resources Cultivate our talent and foster an engaging work culture. Be the champion of our people and their potential. August 12, 2024 Article Expertise & Teams Related Content Group Treasury Oversee our liquidity and capital management to ensure financial stability. Be the strategist managing our financial resources with precision. August 12, 2024 Article Expertise & Teams Related Content Innovation Discover innovation jobs at ING, driving forward-thinking solutions and creativity. Explore roles in Tech, Risk Management, and Operations. Shape the future with us. August 12, 2024 Article Expertise & Teams Related Content Know Your Customer Join ING's Know Your Customer team to investigate and analyze client information, ensuring regulatory compliance and effective risk management. August 12, 2024 Article Expertise & Teams Related Content Legal and Corporate Governance Provide expert legal advice and ensure compliance at ING. Join us to uphold governance standards and support our international growth with innovative solutions. August 12, 2024 Article Expertise & Teams Related Content Leadership Inspire and lead teams at ING, guiding them to achieve our vision. Drive change and propel the organization to new heights in growth and innovation. August 12, 2024 Article Expertise & Teams Related Content Procurement Optimize purchasing processes and secure top resources for ING. Be the expert negotiator ensuring value and quality in procurement for our business. August 12, 2024 Article Expertise & Teams Related Content Relationship Management Build and nurture client relationships at ING. Provide expert advice and tailored solutions for business a