Terms and conditions Skip to main content Skip to main navigation Corporate Global Home Close Select location United Kingdom United States Australia Belgium Canada Deutschland Denmark España Finland France Ireland Italia Luxembourg Netherlands Norway Österreich Portugal Sweden Switzerland Terms and conditions | Insight Investment Insight Investment logo Close Corporate Global Home Back Close Select location United Kingdom United States Australia Belgium Canada Deutschland Denmark España Finland France Ireland Italia Luxembourg Netherlands Norway Österreich Portugal Sweden Switzerland Terms and conditions This page contains important legal information - please read carefully before proceeding further. Insight Investment is the corporate brand for the companies managed or administered by Insight Investment Management Limited. Insight Investment includes Insight Investment Management (Global) Limited (IIMG) and Insight Investment International Limited (IIIL), each of which provides asset management services. These companies may be referred to as 'Insight' or 'Insight Investment'. In the United Kingdom the business of Insight is conducted by IIMG and IIIL, which are registered in England (Nos. 00827982 and 03169281 respectively). These companies' registered office is 160 Queen Victoria Street, London, EC4V 4LA. These companies are authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. In the United States the services of Insight are offered by Insight North America LLC (INA) under the brand name Insight Investment. In certain European countries the services of Insight are offered by Insight Investment Management (Europe) Limited which is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland (No. 581405). In Australia the business of Insight is conducted by Insight Investment Australia Pty Ltd., which is regulated by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (Licence No. 230541), and registered in Australia (ABN 69 076 812 381). Services in Australia are carried out by IIMGL which is exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian Financial Services licence in respect of the financial services it provides to wholesale investors in Australia and is authorised and regulated by the (UK) Financial Conduct Authority under UK laws, which differ from Australian laws. In Canada the services of Insight are offered by IIIL and IIMG. In Japan the services of Insight are offered by IIIL. The Insight Investment group of companies are wholly owned subsidiaries of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation. BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may also be used as a generic term to reference the Corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. Products and services may be provided under various brand names and in various countries by subsidiaries, affiliates and joint ventures of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation where authorized and regulated as required within each jurisdiction. Unless you are notified to the contrary, the products and services mentioned are not insured by the FDIC (or by any governmental entity) and are not guaranteed by or obligations of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation or any of its affiliates. The Bank of New York Corporation assumes no responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the above data and disclaims all expressed or implied warranties in connection therewith. The information below explains the legal and regulatory restrictions in relation to the information contained on this Website and the countries in which Insight Investment is authorised to do business. Please read the Terms carefully. By accessing any page of this Website, you agree to be bound by the Terms below. If you do not agree to the Terms below, please do not access any pages of this Website. These Terms are a legal document setting out your rights and obligations and those of each of the Insight entities referred to in this Website in relation to the services offered by Insight through this Website ("the Services"). These Terms contain the full and complete understanding between Insight and you relating to this Website or the Services. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you through or from the Website or from any conversation with Insight staff or a professional financial adviser will operate to vary these Terms. These Terms may be amended without notice to you. Your continued use of the Website following any changes will mean that you accept such changes. 1. Jurisdiction and Governing Law The Terms and any and all contracts concluded under them are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and all references in these Terms to laws and regulations are references to English laws and regulations unless otherwise specified. You agree that any dispute/s arising out of the Terms or otherwise between us shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England and Wales. 2. Content of Website Whilst considerable care has been taken to ensure the information contained within this Website is accurate and up-to-date, no warranty is given as to the accuracy or completeness of any information and no liability is accepted for any errors or omissions in such information. All products and services referred to on this Website are subject to change without notice. Insight may amend this Website and our products and services at any time with or without notice to you. You agree that Insight shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any amendment, modification, suspension, or discontinuance of the Website or any products or services offered through the Website. Insight accepts no responsibility for any information contained in any website accessed via a hypertext link from this Website. No other UK or other country based person/company may link their website into Insight Website without the express written permission of Insight. The content, accuracy and opinions expressed in such websites are not checked, analysed, monitored or endorsed by us. Access to any third party website is at your own risk. You agree that Insight has no responsibility or liability for third party websites and that Insight shall not be liable in any way for any damage or loss caused in relation to the content, goods, products or services available through such third-party websites. 3. Use of the Website You agree that you will only use the Website in a way which is consistent with the Terms and which complies with applicable laws and regulations. In particular, you agree that you will not use the Website to send or upload any material containing software, viruses or other codes, programs or files designed to interrupt, destroy, damage or limit the functionality of any computer software, hardware or telecommunications equipment or in any other manner which would interfere with or disrupt the Website. 4. Product Availability The information contained on this Website does not constitute a distribution, an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy in any jurisdiction. Some products and services detailed on this Website are only available to persons in certain named countries. Your local legislation may not permit us to offer certain products or services to you in your own country. Please check with your investment consultant or a professional financial adviser as to whether such products or services are available in the country in which you are resident. You should also check whether you require any governmental or other consent or need to observe any formalities to enable you to invest in the products and services described in this Website. 5. Advice Material on this website is for general information only and is not advice, proper advice (in accordance with the UK Pensions Act 1995), investment advice or recommendation of any purchase or sale of any security. Insight does not offer investment advice on the merits or suitability of its products or services or the purchase or sale of any security or currency and no information contained within this Website should be construed as such. No information or advice whether oral or written obtained from Insight, through this Website or otherwise, shall create any warranty. Insight only provides information about its own products and services. Insight believes that it is important that any investments you make are suitable for your needs. Therefore we recommend prior to making an investment into any of our products or services you consult with a investment consultant or a professional financial adviser who will be able to consider your particular investment and help you to determine which is most appropriate for your circumstances. Insight does not provide tax or legal advice to its clients and all investors are strongly urged to consult their tax and legal advisors regarding any potential strategy or investment. 6. Taxation In relation to taxation Insight is not responsible for giving advice in relation to taxation liabilities and you must take separate professional advice in relation to taxation liabilities. You shall at all times be fully responsible for the payment of all taxes due on capital or income, if you are in any doubt, you are advised to consult your professional financial adviser. 7. Liability Insight accepts no legal liability for loss, damages or expenses which you may suffer or incur directly or indirectly by you accessing this Website. Insight reserves its right to restrict, suspend or terminate your use of this Website at any time at Insight's absolute discretion. Insight will use all reasonable efforts to keep this Website operational at all times. Insight does not guarantee the Website or that use of the Website will be free from fault or error nor that the Website will be permanently accessible. Access to the Website may be interrupted or restricted for routine or emergency maintenance or repairs or to introduce new facilities, products, functionality or services. Insight cannot be held responsible for any disruptions inherent in the operation of the Internet and the World Wide Web including viruses beyond Insight's control and Insight excludes all liability for direct and indirect losses thereby caused or contributed to. 8. Downloading and Copying Provided that you do not delete, change or modify in any way any copyright notices or disclaimers, you may download materials and information from the Website to a single personal computer and/or print a hard copy of any materials and information from the Website in order to help you decide whether to use Insight's investment management products and/or services or to take advice from a professional financial adviser regarding any such products and/or services. Except for this limited licence you may not copy, reproduce, re-publish, upload, post, transmit or distribute any material on this Website in any way. Doing so could constitute an infringement of Insight's and/or a third party's copyright and other intellectual property rights and/or may constitute an infringement of laws, rules or regulations applicable to the marketing or sale of securities. 9. Ownership and Copyright The copyright in the Website and (unless otherwise indicated) its contents including all information, graphics, code, text and design are owned by Insight. Unauthorised use of this material is strictly forbidden. 10. Trademarks This Website contains names and logos which are trademarks of Insight. Any unauthorised use of any of these names and logos would constitute an infringement of those trademarks and is thus forbidden. 11. Severability In the event that any part of these Terms is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable then the remainder of the Terms shall remain valid and enforceable. If any part of these Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, then you nevertheless agree that the court shall endeavour to give effect to Insight's intentions as reflected in the Terms. 12. Regulatory Information Insight Investment is the corporate brand for the companies managed or administered by Insight Investment Management Limited. Insight Investment includes Insight Investment Management (Global) Limited (IIMG) and Insight Investment International Limited (IIIL), each of which provides asset management services. These companies may be referred to as 'Insight' or 'Insight Investment'. In the United Kingdom the business of Insight is conducted by IIMG and IIIL, which are registered in England (Nos. 00827982 and 03169281 respectively). These companies' registered office is 160 Queen Victoria Street, London, EC4V 4LA. These companies are authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. In the United States the services of Insight are offered by Insight North America LLC (INA) under the brand name Insight Investment. In certain European countries the services of Insight are offered by Insight Investment Management (Europe) Limited which is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland (No. 581405). In Australia the business of Insight is conducted by Insight Investment Australia Pty Ltd., which is regulated by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (Licence No. 230541), and registered in Australia (ABN 69 076 812 381). Services in Australia are carried out by IIMGL which is exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian Financial Services licence in respect of the financial services it provides to wholesale investors in Australia and is authorised and regulated by the (UK) Financial Conduct Authority under UK laws, which differ from Australian laws. In Canada the services of Insight are offered by IIIL and IIMG. In Japan the services of Insight are offered by IIIL. Insight Investment International Limited is a UK limited company registered in England and Wales with the Company No. 03169281. Its registered office is The Bank of New York Mellon Centre, 160 Queen Victoria Street, London, EC4V 4LA, United Kingdom. Insight Investment International Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) with FRN 416024 in the United Kingdom and is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) in the United States as an investment adviser; the Ontario Securities Commission (OSC), Alberta Securities Commission (ASC), British Columbia Securities Commission (BCSC), Manitoba Securities Commission (MSC), Nova Scotia Securities Commission (NSSC), Authorities des Marches Financiers and Saskatchewan Financial Services Commission (SFSC) in Canada, the Financial Services Agency in Japan; the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) as a Commodity Pool Operator and a Commodity Trading Advisor and is a member of the National Futures Authority (NFA). Insight Investment Australia Pty Ltd is regulated by the Australian Securities & Investments Commission (ASIC) with AFSL 230541. Insight North America LLC (INA) is registered as an investment adviser with the SEC and with the CFTC as a Commodity Trading Advisor and is a member of the NFA. INA markets all of Insight's strategies and provides client servicing for its North American clients. INA does not recommend any investment or provide advice in the course of marketing Insight strategies. INA is not independent of Insight and INA's interests are generally aligned with those of Insight. The Insight Investment group of companies are wholly owned subsidiaries of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation. BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may also be used as a generic term to reference the Corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. Products and services may be provided under various brand names and in various countries by subsidiaries, affiliates and joint ventures of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation where authorized and regulated as required within each jurisdiction. Unless you are notified to the contrary, the products and services mentioned are not insured by the FDIC (or by any governmental entity) and are not guaranteed by or obligations of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation or any of its affiliates. The Bank of New York Corporation assumes no responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the above data and disclaims all expressed or implied warranties in connection therewith. Registration with the SEC does not imply a certain level of skill or training. You may request, without charge, additional information about Insight. Moreover, specific information relating to Insight's strategies, including investment advisory fees, may be obtained from INA's Form ADV Part 2A, which is available without charge upon request. Basel II Pillar 3 Disclosure Insight Investment International Limited is a subsidiary of BNY Mellon Investment Management Europe Holding Ltd (IMEH) and as such forms an integral part of the IMEH Basel II Pillar 3 disclosure to meet local regulatory requirements. The attached Pillar III disclosures were approved for publication by the BNY Mellon Investment Management Europe Holdings Limited Board of Directors on 18 August 2014. ESG Insight offers financial products that can apply a wide range of ESG criteria and/or characteristics which may, depending on the product type, be tailored to reflect individual client requirements. Individual investor experience will vary depending on the product type, investment strategy, investment objectives and/or investment guidelines (as applicable) for the specific fund or portfolio. Please refer to documentation governing your investment for details of the ESG criteria and/or characteristics of the product (if any), such as the investment management agreement or the fund offering documents (such as the prospectus, Key Investor Information Document (KIID)), as the case may be. Alternatively, speak to your main point of contact at Insight in order to obtain details of specific ESG parameters applicable to your investment (if any). 13. Risk Warnings Opinions expressed whether in general, on the performance of individual funds, or in a wider economic context, represent the views of the contributor at the time of preparation. They are subject to change and should not be interpreted as investment advice, which Insight Investment is not authorised to give. Past performance is not a guide to future performance. The value of investments and any income from them will fluctuate and is not guaranteed (this may be partly due to exchange rate fluctuations). Investors may not get back the full amount invested. Investment involves risk, including the possible loss of principal. No assurance can be given that the performance objectives of a given strategy will be achieved. Any projections or forecasts contained herein are based upon certain assumptions considered reasonable. Projections are speculative in nature and some or all of the assumptions underlying the projections may not materialize or vary significantly from the actual results. Accordingly, the projections are only an estimate. You are advised to read the full risk warnings for each specific fund contained within scheme documentation (including, where applicable, the Key Investor Information Document) before investing. To view this documentation, please visit the "Literature Library" which can be accessed through the "Tools and resources" section of this website. 14. Linking We do not endorse and accept no responsibility for the content of any Website not operated by Insight which you may visit by following a link from this Website. No other Website, without the prior written permission of Insight is authorised to link to any part of this Website other than the home page nor when so linking to place, integrate or display any bar, frame or partial frame or any additional branding or graphic around the view of this Website presented to the internet user. 15. Complaints Procedures Complaints should be addressed Insight Investment, The Ban