 Goldman Sachs Aptitude Tests, Interview Preparation - JobTestPrep AI CV AI Interview Log in Browse Tests Browse Tests Browse Tests Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Test Free Abstract Reasoning Test Free Psychometric Test Free Numerical Reasoning Test Free Numerical SHL Test Free Critical Thinking Test Free Personality Test Free Pilot Aptitude Test Free Verbal Reasoning Test Free Spatial Reasoning Test Tests Providers Tests Providers SHL Watson Glaser Cut-e/Aon Saville Arctic Shores Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Sova Pymetrics TestGorilla Hogan CCAT & UCAT Best Seller Products Best Seller Products Banking Summer Internship Watson Glaser Public Health Specialists SHL Arctic Shores Cut-e/Aon Saville Executive Aptitude Tests Banking Spring Internships Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Qantas Pilots Psychometric Test Thomas GIA Raven's Progressive Matrices McKinsey Problem Solving (Imbellus) Personality & Behavioural Personality & Behavioural Situational Judgement Test Thomas GIA Saville Aptitude Test Cubiks Test OPQ32 Adept-15 Korn Ferry Leadership Potential Predictive Index (PI) McQuaig Word Survey Myers Briggs Other Popular Assessments Other Popular Assessments Emirates Cabin Crew Test UBS Assessment BKSB Test Ravens Progressive Matrices Saville Aptitude Test Amazon Assessment SHL Excel Questions Video Interview Prep Arctic Shores Premium Membership AI CV AI Interview About Us Log in AI CV AI Interview My PrepPacks™ Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Test Free Abstract Reasoning Test Free Psychometric Test Free Numerical Reasoning Test Free Numerical SHL Test Free Critical Thinking Test Free Personality Test Free Pilot Aptitude Test Free Verbal Reasoning Test Free Spatial Reasoning Test Tests Providers Tests Providers SHL Watson Glaser Cut-e/Aon Saville Arctic Shores Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Sova Pymetrics TestGorilla Hogan CCAT & UCAT Best Seller Products Best Seller Products Banking Summer Internship Watson Glaser Public Health Specialists SHL Arctic Shores Cut-e/Aon Saville Executive Aptitude Tests Banking Spring Internships Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Qantas Pilots Psychometric Test Thomas GIA Raven's Progressive Matrices McKinsey Problem Solving (Imbellus) Personality & Behavioural Personality & Behavioural Situational Judgement Test Thomas GIA Saville Aptitude Test Cubiks Test OPQ32 Adept-15 Korn Ferry Leadership Potential Predictive Index (PI) McQuaig Word Survey Myers Briggs Other Popular Assessments Other Popular Assessments Emirates Cabin Crew Test UBS Assessment BKSB Test Ravens Progressive Matrices Saville Aptitude Test Amazon Assessment SHL Excel Questions Video Interview Prep Arctic Shores Premium Membership Homepage Banking Tests Goldman Sachs Exams Homepage Banking Tests Goldman Sachs Exams Prepare for the Goldman Sachs HireVue Interview 2026 Prepare for the Goldman Sachs HireVue Interview 2026 4.8 150 Reviews Last updated: July 2026 Are you applying for a job at Goldman Sachs? You will first need to ace the HireVue Interview, an AI-powered video screening tool that evaluates candidates before face-to-face interviews. With our preparation pack that includes realistic simulations of the interview process, tailored guides, and additional practice resources, we can ensure a complete preparation prior to your application process. Start Practising Now Prepare for this assessment and for an additional 25+ other UK-leading banks with our Banking Summer Internship PrepPack ! Goldman Sachs Exams 4.8 150 Reviews Goldman Sachs 1 Month Summer Internship 1 Month Summer Internship 3 Months One-Time Payment 1 Month Access Realistic practice tests & study guides Created by experts with a focus on accuracy Full prep for Goldman Sachs + the following banks: J.P. Morgan Barclays HSBC Morgan Stanley Deutsche Bank UBS BNP Paribas Fidelity Nomura Jefferies RBC Capital Markets Blackstone Bank of America Citi Santander Schroders Citadel Macquarie Group Standard Chartered Houlihan Lokey Wells Fargo PJT Partners BDO Global Crédit Agricole Rothschild & Co. Moelis & Co Lloyds Lazard Blackrock Also Available: 6 Months Access ( see here ) Note: This product cannot be included in the Premium Membership Show More Money Back Guarantee Hadassah, Cognitive Test Developer at JobTestPrep I am Hadassah Goldberg, a Cognitive Test Developer at JobTestPrep, holding a BSc in Neuroscience and Cognition Studies with a minor in Philosophy. With extensive experience in education and content development, I specialize in providing expert insights and strategies for various assessments. I am also responsible for creating test questions and instructional videos for our PrepPacks, ensuring that each resource supports learners in achieving their full potential. Have a question? Contact me at: ask_the_team@jobtestprep.co.uk The Goldman Sachs Online Application The online application has several opportunities to make a great impression. You are asked to provide your basic details and academic and work history. Apart from the basic application, there is a second section, which asks you to detail your leadership experience, and a third, where you can include a motivational letter. Here are a few tips that can be useful: Leadership Experience - In this section, you must answer questions about your previous experience. Example questions include: how did your leadership contribute to the team’s success and questions about what, why, and how you led. Real-life examples - We highly advise you to think of real-life examples you might have from work or school. Even experience on a sports team can be useful. Structure your answers in this section using the STAR method and keep the Goldman Sachs competencies in mind. Language skills - Goldman Sachs likes employees with strong foreign language skills, so highlight those if you have them. Motivations for Applying Letter - On other applications, this section is referred to as a cover letter. Goldman Sachs calls it motivations instead of applying letters because they want your letter to be focused. Think about your reasons for applying specifically to Goldman Sachs. Ultimately, keep in mind what about the company stands out as unique to you. Give reasons and evidence for your answers; in addition, mention qualities you can bring to the business. Make sure to link your answers to the position for which you're applying. Goldman Sachs Hirevue Interview The first interview you have with Goldman Sachs will be different from the later interviews. This first interview is 30 minutes long and your interviewer is a senior manager from the department for which you are applying. The interview is competency-based, which focuses on your past experiences, achievements and whether or not you are a cultural fit for Goldman Sachs. You should also be prepared for industry-specific questions. Give yourself a boost with the interview preparation package. Some sample interview questions include: What do you know about Goldman Sachs? Why have you applied to work for us and for the particular programme? Why are you the best person for the job? What are our main products and services? What do you understand about the role Goldman Sachs plays in this industry? Who are our competitors? What are the differences between them and us? What are the biggest issues facing our industry? Who are our clients? Skills Set Questions Each position at Goldman Sachs requires a specific skill set which the interview is looking for by asking this question. Before the interview, make sure to fully research the position and understand what skills you need. Be prepared for questions such as what skills have you learned that make you a good fit for this job? Or what skills would you need to develop for your role at Goldman Sachs? Skill sets by department: Human Capital Management and Technology Division - Technical Skills Finance Division - High motivation Global Compliance Division - Sound judgment Operations Division - Innovative and driven Teamwork Questions As you already know from the Goldman Sachs competencies, the company puts a big focus on teamwork. They are looking for team players who can collaborate with peers and show integrity. Working at Goldman Sachs involves working as part of a team every day. Be prepared for questions such as what would you do if you noticed a colleague getting stressed? Or have you ever been in a conflict with a colleague? How did you handle it? Communication Questions Another key competency for Goldman Sachs is communication. In this interview you want to come across as an effective and confident communicator so it’s a good idea to use the STAR method to structure your answers. A common question in this section is the notorious ‘Tell me about yourself’. Think about the Goldman Sachs competencies and real life examples when planning out your answer. Commercial Awareness Questions At Goldman Sachs, commercial awareness means understanding the banking industry and the culture of Goldman Sachs. The only way to do this is through research. As you prepare, go through some questions about the company such as: What do you know about Goldman Sachs? What do you understand about the company’s place in the industry? Who are Goldman Sachs’ competitors? What are the differences between the companies? In your answers, show that you have a real interest in the company and a focus on the division you have applied to. Case Study Questions During your interview, you may be presented with a question such as ‘What is the difference between client X and client Y?’ You are expected to be able to identify these companies and their differences. Brain Teasers Apart from the more standard questions, you may be faced with bizarre questions from a Goldman Sachs interviewer. These questions, although difficult, are a sign that you are doing well in the interview. An example of one of these brain teasers is: Imagine you are shrunk down to the size of a pencil and thrown into a blender. How would you get out? This question may seem odd, but assessors are looking at your thought process, creativity and ability to work under pressure when answering these questions so take them seriously. It is important to arrive at these interviews prepared and confident. The Goldman Sachs Competencies Teamwork Leadership Problem Solving Creativity Honesty and Integrity Personal Initiatives High Standards of Excellence Client Service Applying to Multiple Positions? See our bundle PrepPacks: Summer Internship | Spring Week | Big 4 Goldman Sachs is Highly Competitive: You Need the Best Preparation Available Employing around 300 graduate students every year, as well as numerous interns, Goldman Sachs is one of the best places prospective investment bankers want to go. As a well-known name in investment banking, competition for student positions can be fierce. However, with solid preparation and foreknowledge of the recruitment process, you strengthen your chances for success. Start Practising Now Goldman Sachs summer internship Applying for the Goldman Sachs Summer Internship? Ensure you're fully prepared and check out our Summer Internship PrepPack - a comprehensive, up-to-date preparation pack tailored to equip you for success. ﻿ Customer reviews 4.8 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Based on 150 reviews 5★ 129 4★ 20 3★ 1 2★ 0 1★ 0 Abstract user icon Moritz F. Verified Buyer ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Great job! Really enjoyed it, specifically the situational stuff Published date: 9/16/2026 Abstract user icon Charles B. Verified Buyer ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Really helped me prep. . . Really helped me prep. . . Published date: 9/10/2026 Abstract user icon David P. Verified Buyer ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ great Yes Published date: 9/10/2026 Abstract user icon Marianna C. Verified Buyer ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Tests were the same as on the online assessment Great for practice, recommend it if you are applying! Published date: 9/9/2026 Abstract user icon Jessica F. ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ yes yes Published date: 9/8/2026 1 2 3 4 5 ... 30 Goldman Sachs, SHL and other trademarks are the property of their respective trademark holders. None of these trademark holders are affiliated with JobTestPrep or this website. Our materials are designed to help you prepare for the types of assessments you will encounter, but they are not identical to them. Get Started Now Money Back Guarantee JobTestPrep JobTestPrep Since 1992, JobTestPrep has stood for true-to-original online test and assessment centre preparation. Our decades of experience make us a leading international provider of test training. Over one million customers have already used our products to prepare professionally for their recruitment tests. Our Websites Our Websites Arabic Site Denmark Germany Netherlands Norway Sweden United States TestPrep-Online Company Company About Us Meet the Team Privacy Contact Us Blog Answers from Experts Help Help Contact Us Terms & Conditions Refund Policy Partnerships Partnerships Affiliate Programme Recruiters Higher Education Copyright © 2026 JobTestPrep. All Rights Reserved.