Clifford Chance Middle East Insight Day | SmartRecruiters Google Chrome Microsoft Edge Apple Safari Mozilla Firefox Middle East Insight Day Contract Address: ICD Brookfield Place, Level 32 Dubai International Financial Centre Dubai City: Dubai Company Description We are one of the largest international law firms in the world. With over 30 offices across the globe, we strive to exceed the expectations of our clients, providing them with the highest-quality advice and legal insight, which combines the firm’s global standards with in-depth local expertise. Our one firm global strategy is focused on targeted growth led by the needs of our core clients, those who we can best support with the breadth and depth of Clifford Chance expertise, across the sectors and geographies which matter most to them. Our firm, work and people span jurisdictions, cultures, and languages. We offer our clients a truly international perspective. We believe every career should be rewarding and stimulating - full of opportunities to learn, thrive, and grow. That’s why we’re so proud of our inclusive, friendly, and team-based approach to work. You’ll find our clients in commercial and industrial sectors, the financial investor community, governments, regulators, trade bodies, and not-for-profit organisations. But no matter who they are or why they’ve reached out to us, we provide a world-class service every step of the way. And that’s possible thanks to the entrepreneurial spirit and conscientious approach to work that you’ll find across all of our teams. Whichever area of the business you join, you’ll become an integral part an innovative, diverse and ambitious team of people. Clifford Chance is a place where the brightest minds and the best of colleagues meet. Job Description Join us at our Canary Wharf office in London for an inspiring day focused on launching your legal career in the Middle East. You’ll connect over breakfast with early career professionals and lawyers from the region, hear from senior leaders about their work and landmark deals in the region, and network with lawyers who have first-hand experience of working in the Middle East. The day also includes a lively panel discussion and Q&A with trainees and associates from the region, plus practical guidance on the application process, PGDL and SQE requirements and the support we provide to future trainees. This flagship event is a unique opportunity to build connections, gain valuable insights, and take the first step toward a career in the Middle East — don’t miss it! To find out more about our opportunities in the Middle East before applying, please visit our website here . Qualifications The Middle East Insight Day is for students interested in building their career in the Middle East. You must be eligible to apply for our Middle East Training Contract and Summer Vacation Scheme. Our Middle East Training Contract and Vacation Scheme are open to penultimate year law students, final year law and non-law students, and graduates. You must be eligible to start your Training Contract in February 2029 or August 2029. Your Training Contract intake may be decided by the recruitment team. For further information on eligibility, please refer to our FAQs on our website . You must have achieved or be on track to achieve a 2:1 or above in your undergraduate degree. If you have already completed the PGDL, you need to have achieved a commendation (60% or more) overall and achieved a completion (a pass or better) on all modules at first attempt. If you have already completed the SQE, you need to have passed all modules on first attempt. Additional Information How to apply: Complete the online application form which will be reviewed by the Early Talent team. Successful candidates at application review will be invited to attend the Insight Day. Equal opportunities: At Clifford Chance, we understand that our true asset is our people. Inclusion is good for our team and their families, our firm and society. We are committed to treating all employees and applicants fairly and equally regardless of their gender, gender identity and expression, marital or civil partnership status, race, colour, national or ethnic origin, social or economic background, disability, religious belief, sexual orientation, or age. This applies to recruitment and selection, terms and conditions of employment including pay, promotion, training, transfer and every other aspect of employment. We have a variety of flourishing employee networks. These networks are a place for colleagues to share experiences and advocate for change wherever they see an opportunity for improvement. Our goal is to deliver an equality of opportunity, an equality of aspiration and an equality of experience to everyone who works in our firm. Find out more about our inclusive culture here . By clicking the link above or any third-party link within this posting, you are leaving this site and going to a third-party website where the third-party website's terms and privacy policy apply I'm interested I'm interested Privacy Notice I'm interested Refer a friend share this job Share to WeChat × Copy the link and open WeChat to share. Copy to clipboard Open WeChat Share to WeChat × Use Scan QR Code in WeChat and click ··· to share.