Assessments - what to expect | Interviewing at PwC | PwC UK Careers Skip to content Skip to footer Early careers Experienced careers Flexible or contractor careers Working at PwC Our people, their stories. More Search Menu Early careers Early careers Applying and FAQs Employability hub Entry level Graduate Our events Our job search Training and development Undergraduate Menu Early careers Applying and FAQs Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessment and selection process Do you need immigration authorisation to work in the UK? FAQs The behaviours we look for Menu Early careers Employability hub Menu Early careers Entry level Entry level programmes Flying Start degree programmes New World. New Skills. Virtual Insight Programme Menu Early careers Graduate Advisory and Consulting Audit, Accounting, Tax and Finance Legal Services Strategy Technology and AI Menu Early careers Our events Virtual Classroom Menu Early careers Our job search Menu Early careers Training and development Menu Early careers Undergraduate Diversity Programmes Legal Summer Vacation Scheme Summer Internship Undergraduate Work Placement Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Experienced careers Experienced careers Application support Careers toolkit Partner recruitment Search all jobs Menu Experienced careers Application support Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessments - what to expect Our application experience PwC sponsorship and working permits Recruitment agencies The behaviours we look for Menu Experienced careers Careers toolkit Menu Experienced careers Partner recruitment Menu Experienced careers Search all jobs Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Flexible careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible careers Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Working at PwC Working at PwC Career development Discover our UK offices Inclusion Our business areas Our people. Their stories Reward and benefits Wellbeing at PwC Menu Working at PwC Career development Menu Working at PwC Discover our UK offices Menu Working at PwC Inclusion Menu Working at PwC Our business areas Actuarial Audit Business Solutions Consulting Deals Legal Operate Tax Technology Menu Working at PwC Our people. Their stories Menu Working at PwC Reward and benefits Menu Working at PwC Wellbeing at PwC Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Our people, their stories. Our people, their stories. Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Loading Results No Match Found View All Results Assessments - what you can expect We'll use various methods to assess you during our hiring process. Our assessment tools Ability tests Case studies or in-tray exercises Personality questionnaires Online Assessment Assessment in person Prepare for taking tests Ability tests Ability tests are usually presented in a multiple-choice question and answer format. All questions have a single correct response and alternative incorrect responses. The best strategy for tests of this nature is to work as quickly and accurately as you can, but not so quickly that you make careless mistakes. If you're not sure of an answer, mark your best choice but avoid wild guessing. If you're applying for a role which requires numerical reasoning skills, you may be asked to undertake a numerical reasoning exercise. If you're applying for a role which requires an ability to understand written information in reports or briefs, you may be required to undertake a verbal reasoning exercise. These exercises will typically consider your ability to extract relevant information from written text. Case studies or in-tray exercises Case studies If you're applying to a role where industry knowledge is essential, and consultation may be required, you may be given a case study exercise. The content of the case study will be directly relevant to the role you've applied for. In-tray exercises If you're applying for a role which requires planning, organising or coordination, you may be asked to undertake an in-tray exercise. During an in-tray exercise you will be presented with a number of pieces of information of which you would be asked to sort, prioritise and take action on. Personality questionnaires We will not use a personality test to sift you out of the hiring process. Instead they’ll add to the richness of the information we’ve gathered to assess your suitability for a role. There are no right or wrong answers in a personality questionnaire - you’ll rate a number of statements which highlight your preferences and working style. If you are asked to complete any assessment exercises as part of your application, you will be advised in advance of the particular tools that will be used. Online Assessment Ability tests as well as personality questionnaires can be administered online. If you are asked to undertake an online assessment, you will need access to the internet. Make the necessary preparations to ensure that you are not interrupted (e.g. turn off your phone and let people know that you should not be disturbed). Allow yourself more time than required for the actual test/assessment so that you can go through the instructions, and any example questions, at a relaxed pace. You can get first hand experience of taking online ability tests by doing an online practice test. You can visit www.shldirect.com and try one now. The actual test will be timed, so bear this in mind during your practice runs. The best approach is to work both quickly and accurately, so keep calm and think about your answers. Assessment in person If you’re invited to attend an assessment session, this will most often take place in one of our offices. You may be assessed on your own or with a group of candidates. If you're part of a group, please be considerate of any other candidates you meet, including respecting their privacy and confidentiality. If you're asked to take one or more psychometric tests at one of our offices, the testing session will be managed by a certified Test Administrator. Ability tests are standardised to make sure all candidates' assessment experiences are consistent. Following a brief introduction by your Test Administrator, the formal test will begin. The instructions for doing the test will be read to you. This may seem a little formal but we do it for good reason: we want to makes sure that each person taking the test is given all the relevant information, accurately and completely. During each test's introduction, you will be given some example questions. These are provided to help you understand what you have to do before you start the test itself. You will also be offered an opportunity to ask questions before you start the test. Once your test session has been completed your scores will be considered, along with the other information gathered during the recruitment process, and a recruitment decision will be made. At that point you will receive a written report (usually by email) which provides you with a meaningful interpretation of your test scores. Prepare for taking tests We’re committed to making sure that all job applicants are treated fairly and with respect, irrespective of an applicants actual or assumed background including age, disability, gender reassignment, marriage and civil partnership, race (including nationality and national and ethnic origins), religion or belief, sex, pregnancy or maternity and sexual orientation. As a member of The Employers' Forum on Disability, we are committed to becoming disability-confident. We’ll be happy to discuss with you any reasonable adjustments needed to adapt our process for you fairly. Please visit our recruitment queries page if you want to contact us. Preparing for your interview Interview tips Before your interview Technical interview Telephone interview During your interview Interview tips Depending on where you are in the assessment process, you might be invited to attend a telephone-based interview, a knowledge-based technical interview or a face-to-face interview. Our interviewers will consider what your experience, and skills and behaviours demonstrate you’re able to offer. Your interview is as important to us as it is to you. Explore the rest of the tabs here for some valuable tips to help you to succeed. Whichever interview you are working towards, we would always recommend you start to prepare well in advance. A good place to start in all instances is to begin to understand the topics which will be discussed in your interview and to think about how your experiences, skills and knowledge relate to these. Before your interview Know who to ask for on arrival – this will have been communicated to you. Know your recruitment contact's telephone number in case of a delay or problem. Know the exact address and location of the PwC office you are attending. Give yourself plenty of time to get to the interview location. Dress in appropriate business wear. Know the content of your CV. Research PwC and the position you are applying for. Technical interview The technical interview is your chance to provide additional evidence about how you've applied your technical skills and knowledge to deliver exceptional work. We’re simplifying what we’re focussing on while still assessing what really matters. Our new hiring framework will assess two core things; what you need to do in your role (the skills) and how you would do it (the behaviours). You’ll undertake a two-stage interview / assessment - a technical role assessment to assess the ‘what’ and a behavioural interview to assess the ‘how’. In addition, we'll be keen to assess your commercial knowledge and industry expertise, including how this can apply in the current market and economic climate, alongside any relevant or current sector developments. Most importantly, consider what differentiates you, and some of your career achievements. Telephone interview If you're used to speaking to colleagues and clients on the telephone, undertaking a telephone interview can appear to be relatively straightforward. However, for many, this situation can feel impersonal, due to the lack of eye-contact and ability to build rapport. Considering and adopting some of the points below can help you to make a positive impression and, ultimately, succeed at this stage: Find a place where you will not be interrupted, lay your CV/ any notes out in front of you so you can refer to them quickly if you need to. Have a pen and paper in case you need to make a note of anything, such as the question being asked or something you think you might want to explore later. Answer the phone with a smile. Smiling can help you to relax and, as a result, you'll come across as more confident, friendly and assertive. Talk clearly and distinctly and think about your pace; if the interviewer is asking you to repeat yourself it might be because you are talking too fast. Try to connect with the interviewer in some way to build rapport. Consider what you might have in common and draw on this to create a dialogue. Take time to consider your answer, if necessary, and make it clear to the interviewer that this is what you're doing, rather than just going silent. Ask the interviewer to clarify what they're asking you if you're unsure or repeat the question back to them if you want confirmation - listening on the phone can be challenging and interviewers will be sensitive to this. Answer the question that was asked and be careful not to go off the point. Support your answers with real-life examples that you have prepared from previous experience. Finally express your motivation for applying for the role coherently and try to end the call on a positive note; thanking the interviewer for their time. During your interview Listen carefully to what the interviewer is asking you; ask for clarification if you are unsure. Take time to consider your answer if necessary. Express yourself clearly and concisely. Be as specific as you can. Answer the question that was asked and be careful not to go off the point. Support your answers with real-life examples from previous experience. Express your motivation for applying for the role coherently. Ask considered questions about PwC and/or the area you will be working in. Still curious? The behaviour we look for Our application experience Applying with a disability Work permit Frequently asked questions Recruitment agencies Join our Talent Community Sign up today From entry level to experienced professionals Search jobs Follow PwC UK Careers Working at PwC Inclusion Reward and benefits Discover our UK offices Our People. Their Stories. Talent Community Alumni Our Business Actuarial Audit Consulting Deals Business Solutions Legal Operate Risk Tax Technology Early Careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Event search Job search Employability hub Training and development Applying and FAQs Experienced Careers Our job search Careers toolkit Applying Partner Recruitment Flexible and contractor Our job search Flexible careers Contractor careers Join our Talent Community Your account © 2020 - 2026 PwC. All rights reserved. PwC refers to the PwC network and/or one or more of its member firms, each of which is a separate legal entity. Please see www.pwc.com/structure for further details. Privacy Statement Cookies info Legal Disclaimer About Site Provider Provision of Services Diversity Web Accessibility