Audit Skip to main content Quick search People & Culture Overview About our firm Being inclusive People profiles Learning and development Reward and recognition Awards IT’s Her Future Black heritage initiatives Apprentice Overview Audit Consulting Corporate Services Technology & Engineering Tax & Law Work Experience Applying to KPMG Parents, carers and teachers Undergraduate Overview Abilities Talent Insight Black Heritage Talent Insight Social Mobility Talent Insight Vacation programmes One Year Business Placement Applying to KPMG Graduate Overview Audit Consulting Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Experienced professional Overview Audit Consulting Corporate Services Deal Advisory Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Contractors Quick search Menu Close Learn business skills in a supportive team Audit graduate programmes Home > Graduate > Audit Why Audit at KPMG? Audit is the largest of our UK practices. Put simply, audit is about examining organisations and ensuring their published accounts provide a ‘true and fair’ view of their financial position and results. The work we do makes a meaningful difference to businesses and communities. It is critical to the everyday working of society, helps build trust in the economy and businesses to operate more sustainably. From the start, you'll be working on complex projects that put you at the heart of the world of business. We audit some of the world’s biggest companies which include big retailers, UK banks and multinational organisations, who rely on us to provide independent insight, challenge and high-quality audit expertise. Through this work, we’re also committed to helping to build sustainable organisations from a Sustainability perspective. It’s challenging work, but you’ll also enjoy a lot of support as part of our KPMG community. Those who are curious, resilient and agile will thrive, working alongside some of the brightest minds in Audit. Our people are persistent, resilient, and inquisitive – questioning assumptions and providing deep insights to deliver quality results. We strive to deliver robust outcomes by working to the highest standards. You’ll play a key part in our continuous improvement of audit quality. As part of that, we continue to invest heavily in tech-enabled solutions, which not only allow us to offer higher-quality audits, but also a better experience for our auditors. At the heart of this investment is KPMG Clara, our progressive global collaboration and analytics tool, which has been developed to help deliver even greater consistency and collaborative working. You can also look forward to thorough ongoing internal and external training – on most of our programmes, you'll study for the ACA professional qualification. You’ll finish the programme with valuable technical skills, broad commercial understanding and in-depth knowledge of one or more industry sectors. Our firm’s hybrid working model balances the flexibility of working from home with the importance of collaborating and learning in offices or at client sites. We trust our people to be where our clients need them to be, with our client-facing colleagues working together in person as often as needed. You’ll be empowered by the technology that supports us to work flexibly across our collaborative office spaces, building friendships and shared experiences, innovating and learning together. Some travel is likely for audit work and because the work is seasonal, you should expect there to be busy times of the year. Join us and you can expect to carry out work that's both challenging and rewarding, with the KPMG community at your side providing the support you need to be at your best. There’s a real sense of team across Audit – we care about each other’s wellbeing and welcome different perspectives and ideas that can contribute to our vision of being the most trusted professional services firm, delivering the highest quality audits. Search all Audit graduate programmes Explore Audit graduate programmes Programme overview Audit Accounting Advisory and Assurance Technology Audit Audit Search and apply Explore this programme Some of the world’s biggest companies and organisations turn to KPMG’s Audit practice for the insight, challenge and expertise we’re able to provide. By examining the way in which they’re operating – and delivering a true and fair reflection of their financial position through published accounts – we make a difference not just to the business itself, but also to the wider community. Audit is about more than simply meeting legal requirements. It helps organisations to operate more efficiently and mitigate financial risks. In a broader sense, it also plays a role in building public trust in businesses and supports the delivery of sustainable growth. Audit offers diversity and complexity. In your role as a graduate trainee, you’ll learn about a wide range of business activities, as you work on engagements. You’ll also see the auditing process from different perspectives, providing you with skills and learning that will last a lifetime. Accounting Advisory and Assurance Search and apply Explore this programme We’re a specialist team that help businesses tackle a wide variety of complex accounting issues and offer the broadest range of advice. We give confidence by delivering assurance over non-financial areas. This allows businesses to adapt to demands, improve financial performance and act in the most sustainable way. It’s challenging and rewarding work, where you’ll have the support of your senior leaders, engagement leader, peers and the broader Audit community. Be at your best and build your network in an inclusive and diverse environment, while we equip you with the skills, tools and intelligent systems you need to grow and learn. On this programme you'll study for the ACA qualification, or CA equivalent in Scotland, which will help you develop valuable technical skills, broad commercial understanding and in-depth knowledge of different industry sectors, empowering you to build an exciting and varied long-term career. Technology Audit Search and apply Explore this programme The world’s leading organisations are embracing technology at an incredible pace today. Given the growth of AI, robotics, advanced analytics and Blockchain, there are opportunities for businesses of all sizes to make leaps they couldn’t previously have imagined. It’s the job of our Technology Audit team to identify and mitigate the potential risks and threats that this fast-moving world can produce. As you’d expect, we work as part of KPMG’s wider Audit practice, which provides insight, challenge and expertise to some of the world’s biggest companies. We make a meaningful difference to those businesses and the wider community. You don’t need to be a technical guru to join us. Our current graduates have degrees in a variety of subjects. If you’re curious, agile, pay attention to detail and have the appetite to learn about technology and the role of technology in audit, you’ll thrive with us. You’ll be working as part of a larger team alongside colleagues in Financial Audit, with a particular focus on evaluating the IT systems that underpin an organisation’s key financial processes. Ensuring continuous improvement of audit quality, you’ll assess control risks (including code evaluation and system configuration), financial and operational applications, technology infrastructure and technology projects. We’ll also expect you to assess the cyber security landscape of the business you’re working with. Connect with us: https://www.facebook.com/KPMGRecruitment/ https://www.instagram.com/kpmgukcareers/ https://www.linkedin.com/company/kpmg-uk/ https://www.youtube.com/@KPMGUKCareers Apprentice Audit Consulting Corporate Services Technology & Engineering Tax & Law Work Experience Applying to KPMG Parents, carers and teachers Undergraduate Abilities Talent Insight Black Heritage Talent Insight Social Mobility Talent Insight Vacation programmes One Year Business Placement Applying to KPMG Graduate Audit Consulting Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Experienced professional Audit Consulting Corporate Services Deal Advisory Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Quick Links FAQ Search and apply Contact us People profiles Legal Privacy Accessibility Cookies Modern Slavery Act Visit kpmg.co.uk Cookie Settings © 2026 KPMG LLP, a UK limited liability partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organisation of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved. For more detail about the structure of the KPMG global organisation please visit home.kpmg/governance. Back to top ;