Real Business Impact With AI: Quotient – AI by Oliver Wyman Skip to main content We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand Learn More search Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search Highlights Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search search Highlights menu close Quotient — AI by Oliver Wyman // . // Digital // Quotient — AI by Oliver Wyman What We Do What We Think Breakthroughs Solutions Who We Are What We Do Artificial intelligence (AI) is reshaping how organizations grow and manage risk. For many leaders, the challenge is no longer understanding AI’s potential, but turning it into measurable performance. Fragmented pilots, unclear ownership, and unproven economics often prevent organizations from moving beyond experimentation. Success now depends on making AI central to how the organization operates — embedding intelligence into core workflows and scaling solutions that deliver real returns at speed. Quotient — AI by Oliver Wyman brings together deep industry insight, strategic advisory, and hands-on AI delivery to help organizations move from proof to production and from production to enterprise value. Working shoulder-to-shoulder with leadership teams, Quotient helps organizations turn AI into a force multiplier, using intelligence to drive smarter growth and more resilient operating models. Our support spans strategy and proposition design, delivery and governance, build and transformation, as well as day-to-day operations. Unlocking the true value of AI with real returns Delivering real results with AI to drive progress, manage risk, and create opportunity. Our Expertise Transform customer experience New AI-enabled ventures, customer personalization, decisioning, and service models that improve relevance, speed, and consistency across the end-to-end customer journey. Reduce costs sustainably AI-driven automation and advanced analytics that unlock productivity, simplify operating models, and deliver cost reduction that endures. Strengthen risk and resilience AI-informed risk identification, governance, and controls that support better decisions, regulatory readiness, and confidence in AI-enabled outcomes. Drive inorganic growth AI-powered insights and propositions that accelerate innovation, sharpen pricing and portfolio choices, and unlock new sources of revenue. What We Think Load More We are sorry, we could not find any results. Please refine your search and try again. Breakthroughs Using AI to elevate stewardship Developed an AI-enabled framework for Nippon, one of Japan’s largest life insurers, to assess more than a decade of stewardship activity. The framework analyzed 8,830 dialogue minutes and classified more than 10,000 governance requests, revealing where engagement influenced corporate outcomes. Scaling AI for billions in savings Established a scalable Agent Factory for more than 50 affiliated organizations, creating an AI-native operating model with technology partners. Recruitment and procurement come first, targeting 50% shorter workflow cycles and several billion dollars in savings. Governance that enables AI scale Designed an AI governance and risk framework for a Southeast Asian bank to meet evolving regulatory requirements while scaling its AI pipeline. The framework defines policy and risk appetite, with an AI Council and Center of Excellence embedding oversight across development. Using AI to elevate stewardship Developed an AI-enabled framework for Nippon, one of Japan’s largest life insurers, to assess more than a decade of stewardship activity. The framework analyzed 8,830 dialogue minutes and classified more than 10,000 governance requests, revealing where engagement influenced corporate outcomes. Scaling AI for billions in savings Established a scalable Agent Factory for more than 50 affiliated organizations, creating an AI-native operating model with technology partners. Recruitment and procurement come first, targeting 50% shorter workflow cycles and several billion dollars in savings. Governance that enables AI scale Designed an AI governance and risk framework for a Southeast Asian bank to meet evolving regulatory requirements while scaling its AI pipeline. The framework defines policy and risk appetite, with an AI Council and Center of Excellence embedding oversight across development. Who We Are Let's build something great. Start the conversation with our team today Jad Haddad Partner, Global Head of Quotient — AI By Oliver Wyman, Head of Customer Innovation and Growth, IMEA Ashik Ardeshna Partner and Co-head of Quotient — AI By Oliver Wyman, Americas Muriel Schtickzelle Partner, Head of Customer, Innovation and Growth and Head of Oliver Wyman Quotient, Europe Frédéric Thomas-Dupuis Partner, Head of Retail and Distribution, and Co-Head of Quotient AI, Americas Dan Jones Head of Digital and Head of Quotient — AI By Oliver Wyman, Asia Pacific Footer XF Risk and insurance Reinsurance and capital People and investments Management consulting We're a global professional service firm bringing together capabilities across risk, reinsurance and capital, people and investments, and management consulting — building the confidence to thrive through the power of perspective. Terms Of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Statement On Accessibility Manage Cookies © 2026 Oliver Wyman, LLC. All Rights Reserved.