 Deutsche Bank SJT 2026: Stand Out with Our Comprehensive Prep AI CV AI Interview Log in Browse Tests Browse Tests Browse Tests Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Test Free Abstract Reasoning Test Free Psychometric Test Free Numerical Reasoning Test Free Numerical SHL Test Free Critical Thinking Test Free Personality Test Free Pilot Aptitude Test Free Verbal Reasoning Test Free Spatial Reasoning Test Tests Providers Tests Providers SHL Watson Glaser Cut-e/Aon Saville Arctic Shores Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Sova Pymetrics TestGorilla Hogan CCAT & UCAT Best Seller Products Best Seller Products Banking Summer Internship Watson Glaser Public Health Specialists SHL Arctic Shores Cut-e/Aon Saville Executive Aptitude Tests Banking Spring Internships Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Qantas Pilots Psychometric Test Thomas GIA Raven's Progressive Matrices McKinsey Problem Solving (Imbellus) Personality & Behavioural Personality & Behavioural Situational Judgement Test Thomas GIA Saville Aptitude Test Cubiks Test OPQ32 Adept-15 Korn Ferry Leadership Potential Predictive Index (PI) McQuaig Word Survey Myers Briggs Other Popular Assessments Other Popular Assessments Emirates Cabin Crew Test UBS Assessment BKSB Test Ravens Progressive Matrices Saville Aptitude Test Amazon Assessment SHL Excel Questions Video Interview Prep Arctic Shores Premium Membership AI CV AI Interview About Us Log in AI CV AI Interview My PrepPacks™ Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Test Free Abstract Reasoning Test Free Psychometric Test Free Numerical Reasoning Test Free Numerical SHL Test Free Critical Thinking Test Free Personality Test Free Pilot Aptitude Test Free Verbal Reasoning Test Free Spatial Reasoning Test Tests Providers Tests Providers SHL Watson Glaser Cut-e/Aon Saville Arctic Shores Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Sova Pymetrics TestGorilla Hogan CCAT & UCAT Best Seller Products Best Seller Products Banking Summer Internship Watson Glaser Public Health Specialists SHL Arctic Shores Cut-e/Aon Saville Executive Aptitude Tests Banking Spring Internships Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Qantas Pilots Psychometric Test Thomas GIA Raven's Progressive Matrices McKinsey Problem Solving (Imbellus) Personality & Behavioural Personality & Behavioural Situational Judgement Test Thomas GIA Saville Aptitude Test Cubiks Test OPQ32 Adept-15 Korn Ferry Leadership Potential Predictive Index (PI) McQuaig Word Survey Myers Briggs Other Popular Assessments Other Popular Assessments Emirates Cabin Crew Test UBS Assessment BKSB Test Ravens Progressive Matrices Saville Aptitude Test Amazon Assessment SHL Excel Questions Video Interview Prep Arctic Shores Premium Membership Homepage Banking Tests Deutsche Bank Online Assessments Homepage Banking Tests Deutsche Bank Online Assessments Deutsche Bank Situational Judgment Test: Complete Practice Package (2026) Deutsche Bank Situational Judgment Test: Complete Practice Package (2026) 4.8 150 Reviews Updated: February 26, 2026 As one of the world's leading financial services providers, Deutsche Bank is a highly sought-after workplace. Upon applying for Deutsche Bank's Spring Week, internship, or graduate programme, you will face a series of screening stages provided by SHL. These include a situational judgement test (SJT), OPQ32 personality test, and general interactive ability test, all followed by a pre-recorded video interview. You will have to complete these tasks in one sitting, advancing only if you pass the preceding stage. Ace the Deutsche Bank Online Assessment With such a demanding process, preparation isn’t optional - it’s essential. Our comprehensive preparation pack equips you with the tools and practice needed to excel at every step, ensuring you’re ready to tackle each challenge with confidence and secure your place at Deutsche Bank. Start Preparing Now Access this course and more with our Banking Summer Internship PrepPack ! Deutsche Bank Online Assessments 4.8 150 Reviews Deutsche Bank 1 Week Summer Internship 1 Month Summer Internship 3 Months One-Time Payment 1 Month Access Realistic practice tests & study guides Created by experts with a focus on accuracy Full prep for Deutsche Bank + the following banks: J.P. Morgan Barclays HSBC Morgan Stanley Blackstone UBS BNP Paribas Fidelity Nomura Jefferies RBC Capital Markets Goldman Sachs Bank of America Citi Santander Schroders Citadel Macquarie Group Standard Chartered Houlihan Lokey Wells Fargo PJT Partners BDO Global Crédit Agricole Rothschild & Co. Moelis & Co Lloyds Lazard Blackrock Also Available: 6 Months Access ( see here ) Note: This product cannot be included in the Premium Membership Show More Money Back Guarantee The Deutsche Bank Assessment PrepPack includes: Situational Judgment Test simulating the full-length SHL's SJT in the same format as the actual test, with detailed explanation, study guide and extra practices tailored especially for graduate programmes. OPQ32 Personality Simulation, Practice Questions & Personality Report with recommended answers based on the position you applied for, teaching you how to highlight the traits needed on the job. You will also get study guides walking you through the rationale behind this personality test and preparing you for the final stage interview. General Ability Practices of the SHL Verify Interactive test, sharpening your logical and numerical skills while preparing you for this unique test format. Hadassah, Cognitive Test Developer at JobTestPrep I am Hadassah Goldberg, a Cognitive Test Developer at JobTestPrep, holding a BSc in Neuroscience and Cognition Studies with a minor in Philosophy. With extensive experience in education and content development, I specialize in providing expert insights and strategies for various assessments. I am also responsible for creating test questions and instructional videos for our PrepPacks, ensuring that each resource supports learners in achieving their full potential. Have a question? Contact me at: ask_the_team@jobtestprep.co.uk Applying to Multiple Positions? See our bundle PrepPacks: Summer Internship | Spring Week | Big 4 Preparing for the Hire-Vue Interview ? Record your interview responses and get detailed feedback from our occupational psychologists. Join our Society partnership programme! Email us to learn more. See What Our Customers Say About Our PrepPack "It simulates the real test fantastically." Flora Z. "Great, very similar to real OA!" Valentin J. "The preparation was really accurate." London O. Page Content Deutsche Bank Online Assessment The Deutsche Bank situational judgment test is a mandatory online assessment that ALL candidates must go through. Note : The link to take the online assessment is valid for ten days before expiring automatically. The test itself is not timed, it is suggested to complete it within 20 minutes. The test, administered by SHL, is a type of job simulation designed to see how well your values align with the values at Deutsch Bank. The way to do so is to present various realistic work situations and see how you respond to each. As the test situations are inspired by real day-to-day work scenarios, your responses will paint a picture of how you might fit in as a Deutsch Bank analyst . During the test, you will have to analyse 24 work situations . Every situation will have three possible responses, and your job is to choose both the most AND least effective responses . Deutsche Bank Situational Judgment Test Example Question Situational Judgment Test Sample Question You are a trainee analyst enrolled in a graduate programme at a London bank. You are currently working under the supervision of two managers. The first manager has asked you to give a presentation to a client in a meeting later this week; the second manager is waiting for a detailed report for a new and important client. You are on a very tight time schedule as both assignments are due to be handed in by the end of this week. You work extra hard and are confident you are going to meet your deadlines when a third manager approaches you. She notifies you of a client's complaint that you will have to deal with urgently. Given this unexpected task, you will struggle to complete the two other assignments you were working on. What would you do in this situation? Rank TWO of the following options, one as the BEST and one as the WORST. Spend some time examining all three tasks. Use your own common sense and previous knowledge to decide which of them would be the least problematic to postpone. Speak to the clients, apologise to them, saying that a very urgent issue has come up and you will have to reschedule your deadlines. Gather information from all three managers to assess priorities and deadlines. Then, open your work calendar to find ways of revising your timetable, and be aware of the possibility that you will have to put in a few more hours, if required, to meet all your deadlines. Work overtime to get the presentation and the report done on time. The extra time will give you the opportunity to complete both assignments to a high standard and deal with the complaint as well. View Explanation Solution and Explanation: Primary competencies: Decision making Secondary competencies: Independence; Working under management; Flexibility and adaptability; Achievement-striving Best response: 3 Worst response: 2 Explanation: When confronted with a timetable problem, the best way to go about it is to think before you act. Positive responses will show a certain amount of consideration and planning on your part before choosing to act, while negative responses will be hasty in nature. In situations such as the one described in the scenario, you need organisational skills to prioritise your tasks and plan your time and actions independently. Let's consider each response individually: Response #1: This response displays an ability to plan and prioritise and is therefore a positive choice. Response #2: There is no indication of prior consideration; rather you decide to take action immediately and postpone both obligations in favour of a seemingly more urgent matter. This is a negative choice as you do not demonstrate any planning abilities. Moreover, you are hasty in postponing client deadlines, an action that reflects poorly on the company. Response #3: This response displays an ability to plan and prioritise, and is therefore a positive choice. You utilise your managers to get all the information you need and don't rely solely on your own common sense (as is the case in response #1). Moreover, you show flexibility by re-adjusting your timetable to fit the new demands, and you aim to finish all tasks, thus showing achievement-striving. Therefore, this is an excellent response choice. Response #4: This is not an optimal choice as it does not display the ability to plan and prioritise your tasks. However, it does suggest a high work ethic and a tendency to be a 'workaholic'. Choosing too many 'workaholic' responses could indicate either a difficulty to balance workload (decision-making skills), or dishonesty – an attempt to present yourself as a perfect candidate. Tip: Try choosing responses that take into account the needs of everyone in the situation (including your own), that help the situation, and that represent the competencies you want to show. Gain Proficiency in Deutsche Bank's SJT Find many more solving tips and guidance in our full SJT study guide, included in our preparation pack. Start Preparing Now What Makes the Deutsche Bank Situational Judgment Test So Tricky? Deutsche Bank is the only bank we know of that uses ONLY a situational judgment test as an initial screening stage. This puts a lot of weight on this one crucial test . Scary stuff. It IS a screening stage. I know of a lot of candidates that were dinged right after taking the test, so your score does matter . There are right and wrong answers . Remember, the goal of these questions is to engage you in a scenario so that you will provide a spontaneous, genuine response. However, your spontaneous choice is not necessarily the best one. Ambiguous responses . The optional responses are usually in the realm of grey area, and the right answer will not be obvious. Ranking system . Not only do you have to choose the right answer, but you also have to choose the worst answer. That is not a regular question format, and it takes time getting used to. Deutsche Bank Pre-recorded Interview Like many other banks and financial firms, Deutsche Bank also uses the increasingly popular screening tool of pre-recorded interviews . Unlike a traditional face-to-face interview, this type of interview is done virtually by yourself through the AI-based platform Hirevue . This is, in fact, another assessment of your job-related competencies, traits, and behavioural tendencies. You will get between 5 to 8 questions that you will need to respond to by recording yourself with your phone or computer camera. The questions you will receive are tailored specifically to the programme or position you applied for. Once you see the question, you will have 30 seconds to prepare your answer and up to 3 minutes to record it . As the HireVue interview lacks social dynamics, a major factor in regular interviews, combined with AI monitoring your every move — you must come up with optimal responses and appearances, perfecting both response content and nonverbal communication cues. Read more about how our occupational psychologists can help overcome this obstacle when preparing for the HireVue interview. Explore the Endless Possibilities of Deutsche Bank programmes Deutsche Bank Summer Internship Deutsche Bank Spring Week Deutsche Bank Graduate Scheme 8-10 weeklong internship with a specific division of the bank, eligible for students in their penultimate year. Note: The application is usually open between June and August. The interviews are done on a rolling basis, so apply as early as possible. Whether you choose Investment Banking, Corporate Banking, Finance or any other business department of the bank, your training will be similar. You will start with a few days of basic training , a sort of “Welcome to Deutsche Bank” that will familiarise you with the basic stuff. After that, you will have a few rotations in different desks within your division. At every desk you will have the chance to do some actual hands-on work, with real cases and clients. The programme also involves lectures and networking with senior staff. And the best benefit of all: Successful interns will get an offer for the graduate programme. Spring Week is a week-long insight programme with eligibility for 1st-year students in a 3-year course or 2nd-year students in a 4-year course. This programme is designed to give you a glimpse of the analyst job at Deutsche Bank, as well as the various business departments of the firm. You will be rotating between different desks and divisions , work-shadow actual analysts, and learning basic skills you will need later on. The best part is that you will be fast-tracked to the interview stage of the summer internship . Not only that, but you will also get an early interview, which will increase your chances of getting an offer. If you are an exceptionally successful spring intern – you will get an internship offer on the spot! The Deutsche Bank Graduate Scheme is a 12-month programme designed to develop recent graduates into skilled professionals across areas such as Investment Banking, Technology, and Risk Management. The programme combines practical project work with tailored training and mentorship to build both technical expertise and leadership skills, preparing participants for a successful career within the bank. The programme offers a competitive salary and benefits, providing a strong foundation for graduates to progress within Deutsche Bank’s global operations. The recruitment process begins with an online application , which includes submitting of a CV and academic transcripts, followed by an online Situational Judgement Test. Successful candidates then take the HireVue virtual interview before attending an in-person assessment centre that features case studies, competency tasks, and technical interviews. Timeline: October-December : Application January-April : Interviews April : Graduate training begins Navigate the Deutsche Bank Application Process with Confidence Regardless of the programme you apply to, the process is roughly the same: Stage Description Stage 1 Initial application online or through a recruiter on campus Stage 2 Deutsche Bank online assessments provided by SHL : Situational Judgment Test OPQ personality test General ability test: numerical, inductive, and deductive Pre-recorded video interview Stage 3 2 rounds of interviews Stage 4 Offer! While the SJT and OPQ are personality-based, and the interviews are competency-based, the general ability test focuses on your cognitive abilities. Each step is a screening stage, but the most comprehensive one is the SJT. Most candidates are dinged here. Achieving Excellence with Our Prep Train yourself to answer in a manner that fits the Deutsche Bank work environment. Understanding what is behind every question and what competency it tests. Learn how to analyse every situation properly. Our preparation pack contains practice questions with full explanations that will help you surpass all these obstacles, along with a study guide filled with tips and strategies Start Preparing Today! FAQs: I heard that Deutsche Bank also uses other aptitude tests such as numerical and logical reasoning. I’m confused. Deutsche Bank used to administer a range of aptitude tests, up until two years ago. They decided to stick only to the SJT and leave the technical stuff for later in the application process. How can you prepare for a situational judgment test? Is it even possible? Although the SJT seems like a personality assessment, it is a screening stage. Which means there are right and wrong answers, and that your performance is being scored. The key here is to remember that you are scored regarding how well you can fit to Deutsch Bank. To be able to answer correctly you need to know what competency is tested in each situation. That skill is something you acquire by practising. How COVID-19 affects the different programmes? The whole world is adjusting to this new and crazy reality, and Deutsche Bank is no different. Last year they cut the internship programmes in half and moved it online. This year the process and the training will probably also be fully virtual. I studied something that in not in a financial field. Can I still apply? Yes, you can. Deutsche Bank declares that they are looking for candidates from all disciplines, as long as they are motivated and have an interest in finance. I graduated a few years ago, can I still apply for the graduate programme? Sadly, no. You are eligible only if you graduated in the past 12 months. ﻿ Customer reviews 4.8 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Based on 150 reviews 5★ 129 4★ 20 3★ 1 2★ 0 1★ 0 Abstract user icon Moritz F. Verified Buyer ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Great job! Really enjoyed it, specifically the situational stuff Published date: 9/16/2026 Abstract user icon Charles B. Verified Buyer ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Really helped me prep. . . Really helped me prep. . . Published date: 9/10/2026 Abstract user icon David P. Verified Buyer ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ great Yes Published date: 9/10/2026 Abstract user icon Marianna C. Verified Buyer ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Tests were the same as on the online assessment Great for practice, recommend it if you are applying! Published date: 9/9/2026 Abstract user icon Jessica F. ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ yes yes Published date: 9/8/2026 1 2 3 4 5 ... 30 Taking Multiple Finance Tests? HSBC | UBS | Bain & Co | Macquarie | Morgan Stanley | EIB | Deloitte | Deutsche Bank | Barclays | KPMG | PWC | Lazard | EY | Nomura | BCG | BNP Paribas | Jefferies | Moelis & Co | RBC | BoA | AlixPartners | Fidelity | Lloyds | PJT Partners | NatWest | BNY Mellon | Job Simulation | Pre-recorded Video Interview | HireVue Interv