Job Application for Senior Finance Business Partner at Monzo Back to jobs Senior Finance Business Partner London Apply 🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ 📍London | 💰 £84,200 - £99,000 + incentive awards tied to your performance + Benefits ⭐ Our Finance team Our Finance team is growing and we are looking for a Senior Finance Business Partner to join the Commercial finance team, specifically partnering with our Borrowing collective. You will support our Flex Credit cards, Loans and Overdraft portfolios. You will work in a team that manages the P&L and Balance Sheet to deliver the financial plan, helps the business to make strategic financial decisions, challenges to improve performance, and owns the end-to-end financials and financial controls for your business area. The right candidate will enjoy supporting and challenging the business across new initiatives, love to build business cases, present and debate investment choices and be comfortable with both digging into data to deliver insights and thinking about broader strategic choices. 🔑You’ll play a key role by… Being the single point of contact between the business and finance - you will have an opportunity to work senior leaders in driving commercial projects, analysing performance of existing products and participating in day to day support of the business. Diving deep into the data - looking for trends, opportunities and stories that can be used in improving our profitability and growth. You will be thinking how to deepen engagement in products, improve our customer strategy or pricing, through scenario analysis and analytical insights. Analysing and scoping new markets and new products - designing commercials for business cases and negotiating with partners. Presenting your ideas and working across a number of stakeholders including engineering, legal, risk management, product, strategy or marketing. Designing and building new processes for effective decision making as Monzo continues to scale up. Supporting the build of a highly competent and motivated team of financial analysts with clear objectives for ongoing development to partner with existing and new businesses. 🤩 We’d love to hear from you if you.. Have demonstrable experience in financial business partnering with senior business leaders- driving commercial, revenue generating projects, evaluating business cases and influencing decisions. Are comfortable navigating highly complex fields of financial services, with the ability to break down problems into manageable chunks and working through them. Hold strong financial modelling (advanced Excel/Google Sheets) experience, preferably you are also comfortable pulling your own data using SQL/Python. Have great analytical & problem solving skills, with the ability to identify trends, issues and recommend actions. Hold good interpersonal & influencing skills, ability to engage across various internal functions to develop, get buy-in and deliver outcomes across teams Have experience building business cases, presenting and debating investment choices Demonstrate ability to be hands-on and enjoy supporting colleagues, projects or tasks both big or small Have strong attention to detail and organisational skills, able to support with developing new processes and streamlining existing processes to create efficiencies Have a background in retail banking; an understanding of credit is preferred. You will closely use NPV and ROE frameworks to drive profitable strategy. Not ticking every box? That’s totally okay! Studies show that women and people of colour might hesitate to apply unless they meet every single requirement. At Monzo, we’re dedicated to creating a diverse and welcoming team. If you’re passionate about this role and keen to learn and grow with us, we encourage you to apply— even if you don’t have everything that's listed just yet. Drop us your application, we’d love to hear from you! 🙌 What’s in it for you 💰 £84,200 - £99,000 + incentive awards tied to your performance 📍This role is based in our London office, with a hybrid working environment. We're open to distributed working within the UK, with the expectation of at least once a week in our London office. ⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team. 📚 £1,000 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences. ➕ Plus lots more! Read our full list of benefits . 🌈 The application journey has 4 key steps: - Phone call with recruiter (30mins) - Video call with finance team member (30 mins) - Video call with hiring manager (45 min) - Video call with stakeholder (30 mins) Our average process takes around 3-4 weeks but we will always work around your availability. We’ll only close this role once we have enough applications for the next stage. Please submit your application as soon as possible to make sure you don’t miss out. #LI-NZ1 Equal opportunities for everyone Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our blog , 2026 Diversity and Inclusion Report and 2025 Gender Pay Gap Report. We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status. If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊 Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf 🇺🇸 Are you a US Person? * Select... A US Person is defined as someone who: was born in the United States (US) has at least 1 parent who was born in the US is a naturalised citizen of the US is a green card holder is a US tax resident 🔐 Keeping your data safe is really important to us. Please take a look at our Candidate Data Privacy Notice (linked below) and confirm that you have. * Select... 🔗 Candidate Data Privacy Notice . If you’d like to, please share your preferred pronouns (eg. they/them/theirs, she/her/hers). If you'd like to, please spell out your name how it's pronounced so we know how to say it. 🛂 Please confirm your Right to Work status in the location where this job is advertised. * Select... We legally have to verify that you have the right to work in the location where you'd be working from. Your answer to this question won't affect the outcome of your application, unless you'd need visa sponsorship but are applying to a role we don't sponsor. 👤 Identity survey Our goal at Monzo is to make money work for everyone. To do that, working at Monzo must work for everyone. We want to create an equitable, engaged and innovative workplace which gives people from all backgrounds the support they need to thrive and grow. Making Monzo work for everyone starts right at the beginning of every Monzonaut's journey: when they apply to work here. This demographic survey will help us better understand the people who apply to work at Monzo. It'll help us see how different groups progress through our hiring process, and where we need to make improvements to be more inclusive. If you choose to fill it out, all of the information you give us is: Voluntary . And we've included a "prefer not to say" option for every question. It'd be helpful if you still fill out the survey even if you choose "prefer not to say" for every question, as it's useful for us to understand & record this. We won't know if you choose to fill this survey in or not. Anonymous to Monzo . We can't tie your responses to you and they won't make a difference to the outcome of your application. We'll only use grouped responses for equal opportunities monitoring in our hiring process. For more information on how we'll use this data, please read our candidate privacy notice . By filling out this survey, you agree that we can use your responses for the purposes we've mentioned above. You are not letting us know if we need to make any adjustments to the hiring process because of disability or neurodiversity - to do this please email us. How would you describe your gender identity? Select... Do you identify as transgender? Select... What's your sexual orientation? Select... Do you identify as having a disability? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodivergent? Select... How would your describe your ethnicity? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse