Joining Lloyds - Lloyd's Skip to main content Back to Menu About Lloyd's Market resources Insights Contact Investors Careers Locations Log in About Lloyd's About Lloyd's Lloyd’s is the only insurance marketplace of its kind in the world. We bring together the world’s leading risk takers to advance global progress. Explore Lloyd's In the spotlight Our company Our people Our impact Investor relations Policyholders In the spotlight Half Year Results 2026 We have announced our Half Year Results for 2026. The Lloyd’s market delivered a solid first half performance, with gross written premium of £34.7bn and a combined ratio of 90.8%. View the results Join the Lloyd’s market Join the best minds in the industry. Access the expertise, knowledge and insights to protect and develop your business. How to join the market Our company Understanding the Lloyd's market Our strategy Our history The Lloyd's building Corporation governance Join the Lloyd's market Our people Careers Culture Our impact Sustainability Community involvement Investor relations Overview Financial results Non-financial reporting Our ratings Capital structure Syndicate reports and accounts Capital Markets Day Policyholders Policyholders Market resources Market resources Find and access the information, tools and resources you need when working in or with the Lloyd’s market. View all market resources Our featured resources Market communications Oversight Reporting Regulatory Market Directory Services Tools Our featured resources Requirements of the Lloyd's Council The rules which govern the Lloyd's market including byelaws and other requirements. View the requirements Crystal+ Crystal+ provides Lloyd’s market participants with quick and easy access to global regulatory, compliance and tax information, supporting our market in writing globally compliant business. Learn more about Crystal+ Latest market bulletins Market Bulletins are the formal means of Lloyd’s informing the market of business critical issues. View market bulletins Market communications Market bulletins Regulatory Communications Corporate notices Oversight Market oversight Delegated Authority Capital and reserving Underwriting Capital and Planning Group Claims Customer oversight Reporting Business Timetable Syndicate accounts and financial reporting Future of reporting Regulatory Regulatory Information Tax information Requirements for participating in the Lloyd's market Market Directory Market Directory Brokers Coverholders Managing agents Members' agents and advisors Open market correspondent Associations Services Multinational business at Lloyd's Member Services Learning at Lloyd's Culture resources Investment Complaints Lloyd's Agency Network Salvage Arbitration Branch Building facilities Tools All tools Insights Hub Crystal+ Delegated Authority tools Insights Insights Stay on top of all the latest news impacting the insurance marketplace and understand the innovations, trends and insights impacting the risk landscape. View all insights Featured insights News Risk Insights Innovation Education Featured insights Lloyd's Lab - the heart of innovation for insurance An award winning space dedicated to accelerating and fostering new products and solutions fit for the needs of our customers around the world. Explore Lloyd's Lab Lloyd's Academy The industry-leading commercial education platform for risk professionals to deepen their knowledge, strengthen their network, and leverage the unrivalled power and solutions of the Lloyd’s market. Discover more about Lloyd's Academy News News Events Media centre Risk Insights Risk reports Innovation Lloyd's Lab Education Lloyd's Academy Contact Investors Careers Locations Log in Search Lloyd's Joining Lloyd’s Home Joining Lloyd's Join the best minds in the market Access the expertise, knowledge and insights to protect and develop your business. Lloyd’s is the world’s largest insurance marketplace and global distribution network, competing and collaborating to share risk whatever the size, location, industry or complexity. With an unrivalled depth and breadth of insurance expertise, Lloyd’s is the leading marketplace for protecting against new and emerging risks. We bring together the best minds in the industry, and together our underwriters and brokers create innovative, responsive solutions. How to join the Lloyd's market As an underwriter Find out more about the options for underwriting in the Lloyd’s market. Read more As a coverholder Find out more about the coverholder and Service Company application process. Read more As a broker Find information for brokers who wish to become a registered Lloyd’s broker. Read more As an investor/member Find out more about the options for investing with Lloyd’s. Read more As an InsurTech start-up If you're an InsurTech, Fintech, or an entrepreneur in the making, find out more about the Lloyd’s Lab programme and our other initiatives which may help you break into the market. Go to Lloyd’s Lab Already part of the Lloyd’s market? Our Sales Enablement Hub provides a range of tools for market participants to promote your partnership with Lloyd’s, help grow your business and build your personal brand. Visit the Sales Enablement Hub Looking for a career at Lloyd’s? Find out more about joining this unique organisation. Careers at Lloyd’s Contact us Please contact us for more information about joining Lloyd’s. NewEntrants@Lloyds.com Useful links About Lloyd’s Corporate governance Our market Financial stability and security Operating at Lloyd’s International regulatory and tax requirements Glossary and acronyms Membership Requirements Y5353 (Revised Membership & Underwriting Conditions and Requirements (“M&URs”) Y5177 – Provision of capital to support members’ Economic Capital Assessments Disclaimer We are providing the information in this section for background information only. We are not providing access to this section for the purpose of soliciting: (a) membership in Lloyd’s or membership of any syndicate of Lloyd’s, (b) the purchase of any security issued by Lloyd’s, or (c) the purchase of insurance, or any other service or product, in the Lloyd’s market. This section does not make an offer of, or solicit an offer for, any of these things. We do not accept responsibility and shall not be liable for any loss of whatever nature and howsoever caused that may arise from reliance upon the information contained in this section. You must not distribute the information on this website to, or cause it to be used by, any person or entity in a place where its distribution or use would be unlawful. Subscribe for the latest updates Market Bulletins Tax news and updates Support Contact us FAQs Glossary & acronyms Accessibility Useful organisations Market resources Market Directory Crystal+ All market resources Legal Privacy Cookies Terms and conditions Modern Slavery Act Statement Subscribe for the latest updates Market Bulletins Tax news and updates Support Contact us FAQs Glossary & acronyms Accessibility Useful organisations Market resources Market Directory Crystal+ All market resources Legal Privacy Cookies Terms and conditions Modern Slavery Act Statement Follow us © Lloyd’s 2026. Lloyd’s and Corporation of Lloyd’s are registered trademarks of the Society of Lloyd’s. Lloyd’s is authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000.