On-Campus Recruiting | Students | BCG Careers Students & Campus Programs BCG invites curious, driven students from all backgrounds to explore our opportunities. Meet our recruiters, learn about our culture, and discover if building a career at BCG is right for you. Explore our Campus Opportunities around the world Australia & new zealand Canada france Germany & Austria Mexico Spain United Kingdom United States United States Mba Australia & New Zealand Graduate recruitment applications are open year-round. For more information about the recruiting process and events visit the Australia and New Zealand landing page. Learn More Canada Undergraduates Concordia University École Polytechnique de Montréal HEC Montréal Ivey Business School at Western University McGill University Queen’s University University of British Columbia University of Calgary & University of Alberta University of Toronto: Undergraduates University of Waterloo Wilfrid Laurier University York University MBAs Concordia University HEC Montréal Ivey Business School at Western University McGill University University of British Columbia University of Calgary & University of Alberta University of Toronto: Rotman School of Management York University: Schulich School of Business Advanced Degrees JDs, MDs, and other Advanced Degrees can learn more about our application timelines and process on our dedicated advanced degree page. Advanced Degree Opportunities France BCG has a strong presence on campus in France, hosting a number of events and activities for students at several undergraduate and MBA schools each year. Learn more about school-specific events and deadlines in France using the drop-down below. CentraleSupélec École Polytechnique ESCP Business School ESSEC HEC Paris INSEAD Mines ParisTech École Nationale des Ponts et Chaussées Sciences Po Paris Agro Paris Tech & IP Paris EDHEC BCG in France Germany & Austria BCG offers a variety of recruiting events in Germany and Austria. You can find a list of all on-campus events here. For more information about the recruiting process, our offices, and your entry opportunities, visit the Germany and Austria landing page. BCG in Germany & Austria Mexico Undergraduates For information about deadlines for undergraduate students interested in full-time positions, please contact our recruiting team. MBAs For information about deadlines for MBA students interested in full-time positions and summer consultant (internship) positions, please contact our recruiting team. Ibero Ciudad de México (Universidad Iberoamericana) ITAM (Instituto Tecnológico Autónomo de México) Tec de Monterrey (Instituto Tecnológico y de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey) Advanced Degrees JDs, MDs, and other Advanced Degrees can learn more about our application timelines and process on our dedicated advanced degree page. Advanced Degree Opportunities Spain BCG has a strong presence on campus in Spain, hosting a number of events and activities for students at undergraduate and MBA schools each year. IESE Business School ESADE IE Business School Explore opportunities in spain United Kingdom BCG has a strong presence on campus throughout the U.K., hosting a number of events and activities for students, whether at undergraduate, master's, advanced degree, or MBA level, each year. Cardiff University Durham University Imperial College London Kings College London London Business School London School of Economics (LSE) Newcastle University Queens University Belfast (NI) SOAS University London Trinity College Dublin University College Cork University College Dublin University College London University of Bath University of Birmingham University of Bristol University of Cambridge University of Edinburgh University of Exeter University of Glasgow University of Leeds University of Manchester University of Nottingham University of Oxford University of Sheffield University of Southampton University of St Andrews University of Warwick University of York Interested students can learn more about our application timelines and processes on our dedicated Associate Jobs page. UK Associate Job Opportunities United States Undergraduates and Non-MBA Master’s Undergraduate and non-MBA master’s students can learn more about our application timelines and process on our dedicated Associate opportunities page . Brigham Young University Brown University Carnegie Mellon University Claremont Colleges Columbia University Cornell University Dartmouth College Duke University Emory University Georgetown University Georgia Tech Harvard University Historically Black Colleges and Universities Indiana University Massachusetts Institute of Technology NESCAC Northwestern University Ohio State University Pennsylvania State University Princeton University Purdue University Rice University Rutgers University Santa Clara University Southern Methodist University Stanford University Texas A&M University The University of Virginia University of California, Berkeley University of California, Los Angeles University of California, San Diego University of Chicago University of Florida University of Georgia University of Illinois University of Miami University of Michigan University of Minnesota University of North Carolina – Chapel Hill University of Notre Dame University of Pennsylvania University of Pittsburgh University of Southern California University of Texas University of Washington, Seattle University of Wisconsin–Madison Vanderbilt University Villanova University Washington University, St. Louis Yale University US Associate Job Opportunities United States MBAs Please select your school to view specific information around applications, events, timelines, and more. Carnegie Mellon: Tepper School of Business and Heinz College Columbia University: Columbia Business School Cornell Johnson School of Business Dartmouth College: Tuck School of Business Duke University: Fuqua School of Business Emory University: Goizueta Business School Georgetown McDonough School of Business Harvard University: Harvard Business School Massachusetts Institute of Technology: Sloan School of Management New York University: Stern School of Business Northwestern: The Kellogg School of Management Rice University Jones Graduate School of Business Stanford University, Graduate School of Business The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania (MBA) University of California at Berkeley: Haas School of Business University of California, Los Angeles: Anderson School of Management University of Chicago: Booth School of Business University of Michigan: Ross School of Business University of Minnesota: Carlson School of Management University of Texas: McCombs School of Business University of Virginia: Darden School of Business University of Washington: Michael G. Foster School of Business Vanderbilt University: Owen Graduate School of Management Yale University: Yale School of Management Advanced Degrees JDs, MDs, and other Advanced Degrees can learn more about our application timelines and process on our dedicated advanced degree page. Advanced Degree Opportunities Ready to Apply? Discover opportunities that match your ambitions. At BCG, you’ll work with exceptional people, solve meaningful challenges, and grow your career across our global offices and disciplines. View Jobs Have Questions? Find answers to common questions about benefits, the application process, undergraduate programs, profile expectations, and more. Explore FAQs Explore our GenAI Virtual Experience Get hands-on exposure to real-world AI problem-solving and see what a career in AI at BCG could look like. Enroll Join the BCG Talent Community Sign up to receive our news, insights and inspiration. Sign up now FOLLOW US © 2026 Boston Consulting Group Careers Events Blog Privacy Policy Terms of Use Personal Data Request Boston Consulting Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity / expression, national origin, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected under federal, state or local law, where applicable, and those with criminal histories will be considered in a manner consistent with applicable state and local laws. In compliance with the Transparency in Coverage Final Rules (85 FR 72158) issued by the U.S. Departments of the Treasury, Labor, and Health and Human Services, we provide access to Machine-Readable Files containing detailed pricing information. Additionally, disclosures required by the Federal No Surprises Act are available. 8e0d659f3f5a4a9485716e2c33f42e0e