Job Application for Data Science Manager, Financial Crime at Monzo Back to jobs Data Science Manager, Financial Crime Cardiff, London or Remote (UK) Apply 🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ 📍London or UK remote | 💰 £100,000 to £130,000 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance + Benefits | Technology - Data About us: We’re here to make money work for everyone and we're doing things differently. For too long, banking has been obtuse, complex and opaque. We want to change that and build a bank with everyone, for everyone. Our amazing community suggests features, test the app and give us constant feedback so we can build something everyone loves. We're focused on solving problems, rather than selling financial products. We want to make the world a better place and change people's lives through Monzo. About our Financial Crime Data Team: As we continue to scale, we’re looking for a Data Science Manager to lead one of our key product areas for Financial Crime. As a Data science manager, you’ll be working in an ever changing environment work in collaboration with Product, Risk and Engineering peers and champion the data strategy and lead a cross-functional team. You’ll help us build and improve these for now and for our future roadmap. We’re looking for a leader with hands-on experience, data driven strategic leader who can bring fresh thinking and new ways to inspire the team and our customers What you’ll be working on: You’ll work closely with the Product Managers, engineers, and Financial Crime control owners in an agile product environment. You’ll champion the use of data, bring ideas to life through a rigorous analytical approach. Your work will focus on improving our efforts in financial crime detection, prevention and mitigation, ensuring we stay ahead of emerging threats and regulatory requirements. You’ll help your team grow, hiring new team members, supporting their personal development. You will manage a team with Data Scientists and Data Analysts, working together with Analytics Engineers to drive product innovation and you’ll get to see the impact of all your work in the product changes we make. We have a strong culture of data-driven decision making across the whole company. And we're great believers in powerful, real-time analytics and empowerment of the wider business. 90% of day-to-day data-driven decisions are covered by self-serve analytics through Looker which gives data folk the head space to focus on more impactful business questions and analyses. Your day-to-day Be a key leader in building a discipline of exceptional data scientists and analysts working on making Monzo world class at detecting and fighting financial crime activity Help hire, develop and retain talented Data people Generate insights that can change the direction of our financial crime strategy Bring data leadership and rigour to our approach to product development and build a strategic understanding of the business while structuring complex projects to bring them to life Liaise with risk, product and engineering managers to keep making sure we collect the right data to produce relevant business insights You should apply if: What we’re doing here at Monzo excites you! You must have at least 4 years of experience as a Data Science Manager- at least 2 of them managing a data team larger than 4 people You are a strong strategic data leader and love to drive decisions Strong experience with working with executive or C-level peers, managing stakeholders across levels of seniorities and disciplines You know what it takes to manage top tier Data talent You’re excited by the opportunity to work autonomously to impact the future of a fast growing, ever evolving business You're familiar with using a variety of Data Science tools (from business intelligence, experimentation and causal inference through to machine learning), and coding languages (Python and SQL). You know when to pick the right tool, and can help others do the same Experience in financial crime, fraud detection, or similar areas (Trust & Safety, Integrity, Security) is a plus. The Interview Process: Our interview process involves 3 main stages. We promise not to ask you any brain teasers or trick questions! 30 minute recruiter call 45 minute call with hiring manager 3 x 1-hour video calls with various team members Our average process takes around 3-4 weeks but we will always work around your availability. You will have the chance to speak to our recruitment team at various points during your process but if you do have any specific questions ahead of this please contact us on tech-hiring@monzo.com What’s in it for you: ✈️ We can help you relocate to the UK ✅ We can sponsor visas 📍This role can be based in our London office, but we're open to distributed working within the UK (with ad hoc meetings in London). ⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, at times that suit you and your team. 📚Learning budget of £1,000 a year for books, training courses and conferences ➕And much more, see our full list of benefits here #LI-NB2 #LI-Remote Equal opportunities for everyone Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our blog , 2026 Diversity and Inclusion Report and 2025 Gender Pay Gap Report. We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status. If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊 Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf LinkedIn Profile Website Are you a US person? * Select... A US Person is defined as someone who: was born in the United States (US) has at least 1 parent who was born in the US is a naturalised citizen of the US is a green card holder is a US tax resident 🔐 Keeping your data safe is really important to us. Please take a look at our Candidate Data Privacy Notice (linked below) and confirm that you have. * Select... 🔗 Candidate Data Privacy Notice . If you’d like to, please share your preferred pronouns (eg. they/them/theirs, she/her/hers). If you'd like to, please spell out your name how it's pronounced so we know how to say it. 🛂 Please confirm your Right to Work status in the location where this job is advertised. * Select... We legally have to verify that you have the right to work in the location where you'd be working from. Your answer to this question won't affect the outcome of your application, unless you'd need visa sponsorship but are applying to a role we don't sponsor. 👤 Identity survey Our goal at Monzo is to make money work for everyone. To do that, working at Monzo must work for everyone. We want to create an equitable, engaged and innovative workplace which gives people from all backgrounds the support they need to thrive and grow. Making Monzo work for everyone starts right at the beginning of every Monzonaut's journey: when they apply to work here. This demographic survey will help us better understand the people who apply to work at Monzo. It'll help us see how different groups progress through our hiring process, and where we need to make improvements to be more inclusive. If you choose to fill it out, all of the information you give us is: Voluntary . And we've included a "prefer not to say" option for every question. It'd be helpful if you still fill out the survey even if you choose "prefer not to say" for every question, as it's useful for us to understand & record this. We won't know if you choose to fill this survey in or not. Anonymous to Monzo . We can't tie your responses to you and they won't make a difference to the outcome of your application. We'll only use grouped responses for equal opportunities monitoring in our hiring process. For more information on how we'll use this data, please read our candidate privacy notice . By filling out this survey, you agree that we can use your responses for the purposes we've mentioned above. You are not letting us know if we need to make any adjustments to the hiring process because of disability or neurodiversity - to do this please email us. How would you describe your gender identity? Select... Do you identify as transgender? Select... What's your sexual orientation? Select... Do you identify as having a disability? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodivergent? Select... How would your describe your ethnicity? Select... Voluntary Self-Identification For government reporting purposes, we ask candidates to respond to the below self-identification survey. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. As set forth in Monzo’s Equal Employment Opportunity policy, we do not discriminate on the basis of any protected group status under any applicable law. Gender Select... Are you Hispanic/Latino? Select... Race & Ethnicity Definitions If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows: A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability. A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service. An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense. An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985. Veteran Status Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse