Assessment and selection process | Early Careers | PwC UK Careers Skip to content Skip to footer Early careers Experienced careers Flexible or contractor careers Working at PwC Our people, their stories. More Search Menu Early careers Early careers Applying and FAQs Employability hub Entry level Graduate Our events Our job search Training and development Undergraduate Menu Early careers Applying and FAQs Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessment and selection process Do you need immigration authorisation to work in the UK? FAQs The behaviours we look for Menu Early careers Employability hub Menu Early careers Entry level Entry level programmes Flying Start degree programmes New World. New Skills. Virtual Insight Programme Menu Early careers Graduate Advisory and Consulting Audit, Accounting, Tax and Finance Legal Services Strategy Technology and AI Menu Early careers Our events Virtual Classroom Menu Early careers Our job search Menu Early careers Training and development Menu Early careers Undergraduate Diversity Programmes Legal Summer Vacation Scheme Summer Internship Undergraduate Work Placement Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Experienced careers Experienced careers Application support Careers toolkit Partner recruitment Search all jobs Menu Experienced careers Application support Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessments - what to expect Our application experience PwC sponsorship and working permits Recruitment agencies The behaviours we look for Menu Experienced careers Careers toolkit Menu Experienced careers Partner recruitment Menu Experienced careers Search all jobs Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Flexible careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible careers Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Working at PwC Working at PwC Career development Discover our UK offices Inclusion Our business areas Our people. Their stories Reward and benefits Wellbeing at PwC Menu Working at PwC Career development Menu Working at PwC Discover our UK offices Menu Working at PwC Inclusion Menu Working at PwC Our business areas Actuarial Audit Business Solutions Consulting Deals Legal Operate Tax Technology Menu Working at PwC Our people. Their stories Menu Working at PwC Reward and benefits Menu Working at PwC Wellbeing at PwC Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Our people, their stories. Our people, their stories. Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Loading Results No Match Found View All Results Explore early careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Events Applying and FAQs Employability Hub More Explore early careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Events Applying and FAQs Employability Hub Early careers Assessment and selection process Discover all the information you need to know about our assessment and selection process. How our Early Careers assessment and selection process works We're a skills-enabled organisation, allowing us to identify, develop and future-proof the skills our people need today and in the future. Our assessment and selection process focuses on the human and technical skills you need to be successful at PwC. The assessment journey will also provide you with insight into who we are, how we work, and what you could expect from your career with us. We're promoting cross-functional teamwork, driving inclusive growth, and maximising value for our clients. And by doing this, we do more than develop skills - we cultivate potential. Enabling you to develop the skills you need, for the career you want. So that you can grow here and go further. The Early Careers assessment and selection process Each of the stages of our assessment and selection process are detailed below. At the start of your application, you'll be given access to resources that will give more detail on what to expect and how to prepare for each stage. Apply online Online assessment Video interview Virtual assessment centre Finding you the right role (Graduate programmes only) Business assessment Your offer Pre‑employment screening and onboarding The first step of your application journey is to find the right opportunity for you. You can read about our entry level, undergraduate and graduate programmes on our careers website and select the opportunity you wish to apply to. We want to make it easy for you to find your place at PwC, without having to become an expert in our business before you apply, so if you need more help or have any questions you can also use our chatbot. When completing your application, remember to: read and follow instructions carefully proofread everything you write, including checking grammar and spelling be as concise as you can not be vague or lie about your results as we'll check your academics at a later stage in the process provide us with details on the type of visa you require if you require visa sponsorship The first stage of the assessment and selection process is a series of online activities and assessments that measure your cognitive skills, behaviours, natural preferences and reasoning abilities. The test is hosted in the SHL platform. As part of this stage, there will also be a non-assessed activity get a feel for what it might be like to work at PwC – this activity is called ‘Bringing our values to life’. It is designed to help you reflect on whether PwC’s culture and ways of working feels like the kind of environment in which you would thrive, and to support you in deciding whether you would like to continue with the rest of our assessment process. If you feel that PwC is right for you, you will then take a behavioural assessment, followed by a cognitive test. A behavioural profile test asks about your natural behavioural preferences in a work setting. A cognitive assessment is an ability test including numerical, inductive and deductive reasoning. The behavioural test is not timed, but the cognitive assessment will be. The next stage of our assessment and selection process is an on-demand video interview which will be conducted virtually via the SHL platform. You’ll be presented with a series of questions on the screen and asked to describe your experience. Instead of having an interviewer, your answers will be recorded and reviewed afterwards by one of our assessors. The penultimate stage of our assessment and selection process is a virtual immersive assessment centre. The purpose of the assessment centre is for us to learn more about you, assessing you against the core skills and attributes that are crucial for success in a role at PwC. The experience will also provide you with insight into who we are, how we work, and what you could expect from being part of the PwC team. This is as much of an opportunity for you to find out if our firm is the right fit for you and your career aspirations as much as it is for us to assess your human and technical skills. If you've made it to this stage of our assessment and selection process you can be proud, you have demonstrated the skills and behaviours we look for in our people. What happens at this stage Once you’ve been matched to your business area and office, you’ll be asked to schedule a call with one of our recruiters. During this call, we'll tell you more about the business area and office you’ve been matched to, guide you through the next stage of the assessment and selection process, and provide you with support resources to help you confidently prepare. This will include a recap on your feedback from the previous assessment stages. Please note, preferences are considered but not guaranteed. The final stage of our assessment and selection process is an interview with a senior leader from the business area you’re matched to. This will be in person in the office that you have been matched to. It will be your chance to meet a leader from the business area you’d be working in, find out more about the office and the team, and tell us more about why you are interested in joining PwC. A member of the PwC UK Careers team will contact you with feedback from your business assessment and will let you know if you’ve been successful in your application. What's next? Our culture is all about our people and we want you to feel supported and part of PwC as soon as you join us. You’ll be invited to our onboarding portal where you’ll be able to complete all your onboarding actions ahead of your first day. Before your start date, you’ll also be invited to attend a pre-joining event. Here you can meet fellow new joiners and learn more information about the team you’ll be joining and your forthcoming induction. Find out more about your development pathway once you’ve joined us here. Part of our onboarding process includes checking your grades and job history, so please make sure everything is correct on your application form. We’re known for accuracy, so carrying out checks like this protects our reputation. Important information Once a year application rule You’re restricted to one application at a time for our Early Careers roles. We’ll only consider one application for our 2027 programmes. If you’re unsuccessful or withdraw from our process, you’ll need to wait to re-apply for one of our programmes starting in 2028. For these purposes, the definition of an 'application' includes any roles that you have been offered, withdrawn from or been unsuccessful in your application. Please take the time to check that you're able to make a new application to us now before you apply. We take any attempts to circumvent this policy very seriously. Our employees act with honesty and integrity, so we expect the same from you. If you already work at PwC, please ensure that you’ve contacted the Ealy Careers team to discuss your application before you proceed. Candidate professional conduct We take candidate professional conduct seriously and undertake regular reviews of applications and assessment activity to protect the fairness and integrity of our Early Careers recruitment process. These reviews include checks for duplicate accounts, highly similar responses, identical transcripts, and indicators of third-party or AI-assisted support. Our assessments are designed to evaluate your individual skills, judgement and potential and must be completed independently. The use of AI tools, AI-enabled services, or any third-party assistance to generate, edit, rewrite, summarise, coach or otherwise complete assessment responses is not permitted unless explicitly authorised by PwC. While PwC uses AI to support aspects of its business, we do not use AI to assess candidate performance within the Early Careers selection process. We want every candidate to have a fair opportunity to demonstrate their own capabilities and potential. If we identify evidence that our recruitment process has been compromised, or that assessment responses are not a candidate's own work, we will withdraw the application from the recruitment process. We also reserve the right to notify relevant academic institutions, professional bodies, regulatory organisations, or other appropriate third parties where appropriate. Variations and adjustments to the process Flying Start programme applications Applications for the majority of our Flying Start programmes must be submitted through UCAS using the specific course UCAS code. If your application is accepted by the university, you’ll then complete the standard PwC assessment and selection process. Recruitment adjustments and support We're committed to ensuring all candidates have a fair and equitable opportunity to demonstrate their abilities during the assessment and selection process. If you have a disability, if you’re neurodivergent, or if you have a condition that you believe may affect your performance during our assessment and selection process, we’ll be happy to make reasonable adjustments to our processes for you. You’ll have the opportunity to let us know about any adjustments you may need as you complete your application. We’ll continue this conversation if you join us as an employee, and we’ll work with you to make sure you have the adjustments you need to succeed in your role. Find out more on our adjustments to the recruitment process page . International applicants for UK roles Expenses for travel from outside the UK to attend our in person offer holder event won’t be reimbursed without prior agreement and only includes economy fares. If you're travelling from overseas, we request you don't book travel arrangements yourself, but to instead contact our recruitment helpdesk. Application Support The behaviours we look for Adjustments to the process FAQs Do you need immigration authorisation? Follow PwC UK Careers Working at PwC Inclusion Reward and benefits Discover our UK offices Our People. Their Stories. Talent Community Alumni Our Business Actuarial Audit Consulting Deals Business Solutions Legal Operate Risk Tax Technology Early Careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Event search Job search Employability hub Training and development Applying and FAQs Experienced Careers Our job search Careers toolkit Applying Partner Recruitment Flexible and contractor Our job search Flexible careers Contractor careers Join our Talent Community Your account © 2020 - 2026 PwC. All rights reserved. PwC refers to the PwC network and/or one or more of its member firms, each of which is a separate legal entity. Please see www.pwc.com/structure for further details. Privacy Statement Cookies info Legal Disclaimer About Site Provider Provision of Services Diversity Web Accessibility