Job Application for 2027 Equity Middle Office Intern at Schonfeld 2027 Equity Middle Office Intern London, England, United Kingdom Apply The Role We are seeking a detail-oriented and analytical intern to join our Operations division under the Middle Office team at Schonfeld in our London office. You’ll spend ten weeks within our team where you will work directly with Operations senior management and across peer groups in all areas, while being immersed in the culture and atmosphere of Schonfeld, working alongside talented professionals on high profile projects. The Operations team at Schonfeld take on a wide range of responsibilities and challenges. They are responsible for the trade life cycle and that includes everything from supporting trading and portfolio managers all the way through to trade settlement. Throughout the program you will receive formal training, mentorship, and exposure to multiple groups including Core Operations, Asset Servicing, Technology, Market Data, Accounting, Portfolio Finance, our Fund Administrators, and Prime and Executing Brokers. What You’ll Do Trade Lifecycle Management – Support the post-trade processing of all trading activity to ensure trades hydrate all internal systems and get delivered to external partners. Trade Settlement Management – Work with prime brokers and executing brokers to resolve any trade settlement breaks, ensuring efficient operational procedures and reducing risk for the firm. Data Integrity Improvements – Work with the Middle Office team on creating and improving databases in an organized and centralized location. This is a prime opportunity to learn various facets of the different business departments, acquire knowledge of how various asset types function, how data is retrieved and communicated with sell side counterparties, gain an appreciation for all components of data and its investment value to a hedge fund. In working on these operational projects, you will interact and liaise to helping us achieve a scalable infrastructure that is efficient and its data integrity in high regard for completeness and accuracy. What You’ll Bring What you need: Interest in gaining Operations experience at a hedge fund Basic understanding of capital markets, investing, and hedge fund strategies A keen analytical eye with high regard for attention to detail Proficiency in Excel and other MS Office applications We’d love if you had: Working knowledge of Python, SQL, and/or another programming language Prior experience using reporting or analytics tools with data aggregation Our Internship Kick-start your career in finance with the Schonfeld Summer Internship! Over the course of 10 action-packed weeks, you will have the opportunity to build solutions that tackle real-world challenges and leave a lasting impact on the firm. As an intern, you’ll join a close-knit team that is ready to support your growth and accelerate your career. We will pair you with a dedicated manager and a mentor who’ll guide your development over the course of the internship and beyond. Throughout the program, you will have the chance to connect with senior leaders through a series of learning sessions, attend hands-on skills workshops, network at social events and get a behind-the-scenes look at how various functions power the firm. We’ll empower you to bring your ideas to life and make an impact. Who We Are Schonfeld is a global multi-manager hedge fund that strives to deliver industry-leading risk-adjusted returns for our investors. We leverage both internal and external portfolio manager teams around the world, seeking to capitalize on inefficiencies and opportunities within the markets. We draw from decades of experience and a significant investment in proprietary technology, infrastructure and risk analytics to invest across four main strategies: Quant, Tactical, Fundamental Equity and Discretionary Macro & Fixed Income. Our Culture At Schonfeld, we’ll invest in you. Attracting and retaining top talent is at the heart of what we do, because we believe that exceptional outcomes begin with exceptional people. We foster a culture where talent is empowered to continually learn, innovate and pursue ambitious goals. We are teamwork-oriented, collaborative and encourage ideas—at all levels—to be shared. As an organization committed to investing in our people, we provide learning and educational offerings and opportunities to make an impact. We encourage community through internal networks, external partnerships and service initiatives that promote inclusion and purpose beyond the firm’s walls. __PRESENT Create a Job Alert Interested in building your career at Schonfeld ? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email. Create alert Apply for this job * indicates a required field Autofill my application First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Education School * Select... Degree * Select... Discipline * Select... Start date month * Select... Start date year * End date month * Select... End date year * Add another LinkedIn Profile Website What is your current cumulative GPA? * What degree are you currently pursuing? * Select... Will you graduate from January 2028-Summer 2028? Select... Do you require sponsorship to work in the UK? * Select... England Demographic Information (Completion is voluntary) - please only complete if you are located in the United Kingdom Individuals seeking employment at Schonfeld are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. At Schonfeld, we strive to cultivate a sense of belonging throughout all of our employees with Diversity, Equity and Inclusion at the forefront of this mission. As a firm we are committed to creating a hiring process which is not only fair, but also welcoming and supportive. As a part of that, we want to encourage candidates to voluntarily complete the following survey which helps us keep track of how we are doing in our efforts. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. Please note that all options below are as per ONS guidelines. Race & Ethnicity Definitions Asian/Asian British - A person identifying as Indian, Pakistani, Bangladeshi, Chinese or any other Asian background. Black/African/Caribbean/Black British - A person identifying as African, Caribbean or any other Black/African/Caribbean background. White - A person identifying as English, Welsh, Scottish, Northern Irish, British, Irish, Gypsy or Irish Traveller or any other White background Mixed or Multiple Ethnic Groups - All persons who identify with more than one of the above three groups e.g. White and Black Caribbean, or White and Asian. Other Ethnic Group - A person who identify as a group that is not specified here e.g. Arab. Please select your gender Select... Please identify your ethnic group Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse