2027 Summer Analyst, Private Capital Advisory – London - Moelis Careers By clicking "I accept" you consent to the use of cookies on our website to support technical features and anonymous statistics I accept I accept the cookie policy Opt Out I would like to opt out of cookies Read more Read more about our cookie policy Skip to content Login Create Account Home Events Student Opportunities Help Center Login Create Account 2027 Summer Analyst, Private Capital Advisory – London Business Unit(s) Private Capital Advisory Program Type Summer Internship Level Intern Job Description Moelis & Company (“Moelis”) is a leading global independent investment bank that provides innovative strategic advice and solutions to a diverse client base, including corporations, governments, and financial sponsors. The Firm assists its clients in achieving their strategic goals by offering comprehensive integrated financial advisory services across all major industry sectors. Moelis’s experienced professionals advise clients on their most critical decisions, including mergers and acquisitions, recapitalizations and restructurings, capital markets transactions, secondary transactions and primary fundraising, and other corporate finance matters. The Firm serves clients from locations across North and South America, Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific. For further information, please visit: www.moelis.com . Position Description: As a Moelis Private Capital Advisory (PCA) Summer Analyst, you will gain exposure to a global business specialising in strategic advisory services for private fund sponsors, including secondary solutions, primary fundraising and tailored capital-raising alternatives. The PCA team works closely with industry and product groups across Moelis. Moelis’s culture is one of partnership, creativity, optimism and hard work. We are passionate about our business and our culture, and look to attract, retain and develop individuals who share that same drive. A Moelis PCA Summer Analyst is expected to assume significant levels of responsibility, requiring intellectual curiosity, motivation and analytical aptitude. At our Firm, you will not be defined by your job title but by the contributions you make and the enthusiasm you bring to the work we do. The day-to-day responsibilities of a PCA Summer Analyst include: sponsor, company and investor research, preparing client presentations, financial analysis and modelling and interacting with senior bankers, clients and investors. All Moelis Summer Analysts participate in a 10-week summer internship and have educational and social events to help establish a better understanding of both the industry and the Firm. All Moelis Summer Analysts participate in a one-week training program that includes financial modelling and valuation training. Deadline to apply October 2 2026 Required Skills & Experience Results-driven and able to perform well under pressure and against tight deadlines Strong analytical and numerical skills that put you at ease with financial data Proven team player who is able to interact effectively with a wide variety of internal groups and clients Strong multi-tasking and organisational skills Excellent attention to detail Strong Microsoft Office suite (Excel and PowerPoint a must) and financial reporting skills Requirements Education: Minimum A-Level results of AAB (or equivalent) Predicted a minimum of a 2.1 (or equivalent) Any degree discipline Graduation date in 2028 Being fluent in an additional European language would be highly desirable To be considered, you must : Complete the Suited Assessment . Moelis has partnered with the screening platform Suited to help us better understand our applicants. Suited uses assessments to holistically and objectively understand what makes you unique. In addition to your academic background and experience, the traits and competencies captured by these assessments are predictive of on-the-job success, while reducing bias in the screening process. To learn more about the assessments, please visit: Resource Guide for Investment Banking Candidates We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to promoting diversity, preventing discrimination, and providing a supportive and inclusive working environment. We seek to ensure that we recruit from a diverse talent pool and that all applicants are treated fairly at each stage of the recruitment process. Applicants are considered for employment opportunities without regard to any characteristic or status protected under any applicable law in the location of the role. Data Protection / Cookie Policy © Copyright 2026 Moelis & Company. All rights reserved. | Terms of Use | Global Privacy Notice