Job Application for Quantitative Researcher - Intern at GSA Quantitative Researcher - Intern London, New York Apply We are interested in hearing from students at the penultimate year of their graduate or postgraduate studies who are looking to secure an internship in quantitative research and possess the relevant attributes. Research at GSA Capital means combining creativity, rigour and attention to detail in the design of systematic investment strategies. As a minimum, you must have an outstanding academic track record in a STEM, economics or empirical finance discipline from a leading academic institution and be able to demonstrate a passion and understanding for working within a quantitative environment. For candidates requiring visa sponsorship or additional immigration/right-to-work processing assistance, we encourage you to apply by end of March to allow sufficient time to complete the visa application and/or complete necessary checks before the internship start date. Create a Job Alert Interested in building your career at GSA? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email. Create alert Apply for this job * indicates a required field Autofill my application First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf When do you expect to finish your academic studies? * Select... Which office are you applying to? * Select... How did you hear about GSA Capital? * Select... Data Protection * I have read and acknowledge the GSA Privacy Notice. When you apply to a job on this site you will be supplying us with personal information. For details on how GSA uses your personal information, please see our Privacy Notice here: https://www.gsacapital.com/privacy-notice GSA Capital - Equal Opportunities Questionnaire (UK) The GSA Capital group of companies (“GSA”) is committed to being an equal opportunities employer and aims to ensure that all applicants, regardless of age, gender, race, disability, religion or belief, sex or sexual orientation receive fair and equal treatment. Completion of the questions below is entirely voluntary, however, gathering your answers to these questions will help GSA in our commitment to diversity and in ensuring that all candidates receive the same consideration and are treated fairly throughout the application process. Any answers you provide will be used for GSA’s internal self-assessment purposes only, and GSA will endeavour to keep the data in anonymised form. Your answers will be kept separate from your application process and will not be used in any assessment of your application. By providing any answers, you are therefore giving GSA consent to process any sensitive personal data contained within your answers for the above purposes. GENDER: which of the following best describes your gender? * Select... SEXUAL ORIENTATION: which of the following best describes your sexual orientation? * Select... ETHNICITY: what is your ethnic group? Please tick one box to best describe your ethnic group or background * Select... RELIGION: What is your religion? * Select... Do you consider yourself to be disabled? Under the Disability Discrimination Act, a disability is defined as "a physical or mental impairment that has a substantial and long-term adverse impact on the ability to carry out normal day-to-day activities". * Select... AGE: What is your age group? * Select... Submit application