Lazard Student Skip to main content. sitemap Profile Sign Out View More Jobs 2027 London Asset Management Sales & Marketing Internship London, United Kingdom (Hybrid) Job Description Lazard is one of the world’s preeminent financial advisory and asset management firms. Our people and culture make the difference. While global in presence and reach, ours is a close, collaborative community of just over 3,000 professionals. Lazard is a place of continuous knowledge sharing, skill development and relationship building, where professionals grow and succeed together. Our entrepreneurial culture, flat structure and embrace of individual differences, allow creative ideas, original concepts, and unique perspectives to drive our business forward — and for careers to take flight. The opportunityWe are excited to offer a unique opportunity to experience firsthand what it truly means to work in Sales and Marketing, immersing yourself in the Asset Management sector.Candidates should have a thirst for learning and challenge conventional thinking. They should have a logical and analytical thought process and have an inquisitive mind. They need to possess strong interpersonal skills, including the ability and desire to work in a collaborative environment.We are extremely proud of our track record in developing our interns to be successful long-term members of our team and hope to offer this year’s candidates the opportunity to join us after their studies.The programme will run for 6 weeks from June to August and is based out of our London office.Our culture is uniqueOur culture is entrepreneurial and collegiate. Our sales and marketing teams work collaboratively to achieve the best outcomes for our clients, as well as promoting our products to prospective investors.Our Sales and Marketing teams are key to the continued growth of our business, the development of our products, getting our message heard and managing client relationships.There are several departments within Sales & Marketing including: Third Party Distribution, Institutional Marketing, Direct Sales, Consultant Relations, Alternative Marketing and Central Marketing Services. These teams engage investors and their representatives to identify investment needs and explore ways in which LAM is positioned to meet those needs.Our people are open, honest and straightforward. Former interns have commented how genuinely friendly and approachable we are, and how we go out of our way to help them learn. What to expectMeaningful work: From day one, you will be entrusted with real responsibilities. Following an induction, you will be mentored by an experienced team member who will guide you throughout the programme.Exposure to diverse teams: You’ll gain hands-on experience working across the various Sales & Marketing departments.Skill development: You’ll be provided with a comprehensive understanding of the critical skills needed for success at our firm. Additionally, you’ll be introduced to other areas of our broader business operations.Project work: During your internship, you will be assigned a project to evaluate a real opportunity, product or challenge we are encountering and asked to present your findings and recommendations to a panel of senior management.Learning and networking opportunities: You will attend business, training, and social events to help you learn about our company, the asset management industry, and build your professional network. Responsibilities:Work with marketers to better understand Lazard Asset Management’s diverse client base and products.Research major industry trends to drive sales channel business.Prioritise extensive potential prospect lists based on firm strengths and client needs.Work alongside Client Service Associates to complete client requests.Conduct analysis using internal and external research tools to further develop client relationships.Update quarter-end presentations for portfolio managers and sales representatives.Automate marketing functions to streamline processes.Conduct competitive analysis using qualitative and quantitative metrics. ApplicationsWe are looking for candidates who are highly motivated, intellectually curious, and passionate about client servicing, sales support, and relationship management. Well-rounded candidates who bring diverse backgrounds, academic disciplines, and outside interest, are especially welcome.The programme is open to undergraduate and postgraduate students in their penultimate year of study. A- Levels: You must have ABB or higher (excluding general studies).Degree: A minimum predicted or obtained 2:1 classification (or equivalent for degrees outside the UK). Representation at LazardLazard is an intellectual capital business committed to delivering the best advice and solutions to clients. To achieve these objectives, we focus on attracting, developing and retaining the best talent. We believe that a workforce comprised of people who represent a wide array of backgrounds, experiences and perspectives creates a rich variety of thought that empowers us to challenge conventional wisdom, solve problems creatively and make better decisions. Lazard was built on the premise that a multicultural firm can best serve a global clientele. As a global firm that has grown organically from local roots in different countries, we have a deep tradition of respecting and appreciating individual differences. Doing so has been core to our success for over 175 years. We are committed to sustaining an environment where every colleague is supported in their professional pursuits, can maximize their individual potential and contribute to our collective success. Apply Now Job Info Job Identification 6673 Posting Date 29/09/2026, 14:08 Apply Before 22/10/2026, 23:00 Locations 20 Manchester Square, London, , W1U 3PZ, GB (Hybrid) © MapTiler © OpenStreetMap contributors Legend Jobs at a location Group of locations © MapTiler © OpenStreetMap contributors | © Oracle CorporationTermsLegal Notices Use control and scroll to zoom the map Use two fingers to move the map 20 Manchester Square, London, , W1U 3PZ, GB Copy to Clipboard Similar Jobs 2027 London Asset Management Equity Research Internship London, United Kingdom (Hybrid) Posted on 29/09/2026 We are excited to offer a unique opportunity to experience firsthand what it truly means to work as an Equity Research Analyst, immersing yourself in the Asset Management sector. See More Jobs © Lazard Privacy Notice Terms Of Use Legal Notice Regulatory Disclosures Security and Fraud Awareness FOLLOW US I am an employee By clicking “Stay Opted-in”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Stay opted-in Reject All Manage Preferences Are You Still With Us? It seems you've been gone for a while. For security reasons we will end your session automatically in 03:00 unless you would like to continue working. End Session Continue Working Work Summary This summary is generated by AI Assist. Click inside the summary text box to make changes as necessary. 1000Required Discard Add Summary Page 2027 London Asset Management Sales & Marketing Internship - Lazard Student Careers loaded