Legal summer vacation scheme | PwC UK Careers Skip to content Skip to footer Early careers Experienced careers Flexible or contractor careers Working at PwC Our people, their stories. More Search Menu Early careers Early careers Applying and FAQs Employability hub Entry level Graduate Our events Our job search Training and development Undergraduate Menu Early careers Applying and FAQs Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessment and selection process Do you need immigration authorisation to work in the UK? FAQs The behaviours we look for Menu Early careers Employability hub Menu Early careers Entry level Entry level programmes Flying Start degree programmes New World. New Skills. Virtual Insight Programme Menu Early careers Graduate Advisory and Consulting Audit, Accounting, Tax and Finance Legal Services Strategy Technology and AI Menu Early careers Our events Virtual Classroom Menu Early careers Our job search Menu Early careers Training and development Menu Early careers Undergraduate Diversity Programmes Legal Summer Vacation Scheme Summer Internship Undergraduate Work Placement Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Experienced careers Experienced careers Application support Careers toolkit Partner recruitment Search all jobs Menu Experienced careers Application support Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessments - what to expect Our application experience PwC sponsorship and working permits Recruitment agencies The behaviours we look for Menu Experienced careers Careers toolkit Menu Experienced careers Partner recruitment Menu Experienced careers Search all jobs Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Flexible careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible careers Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Working at PwC Working at PwC Career development Discover our UK offices Inclusion Our business areas Our people. Their stories Reward and benefits Wellbeing at PwC Menu Working at PwC Career development Menu Working at PwC Discover our UK offices Menu Working at PwC Inclusion Menu Working at PwC Our business areas Actuarial Audit Business Solutions Consulting Deals Legal Operate Tax Technology Menu Working at PwC Our people. Their stories Menu Working at PwC Reward and benefits Menu Working at PwC Wellbeing at PwC Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Our people, their stories. Our people, their stories. Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Loading Results No Match Found View All Results Legal vacation scheme Our two-week paid Legal Summer Vacation Scheme is the principal route towards securing a training contract with us. Duration Two weeks This is right for you if You have a keen interest in business law and want to become a trainee solicitor Start date July 2027 Location London What is the Legal Summer Vacation Scheme Our two-week paid Legal Summer Vacation Scheme is the principal route towards securing a training contract with us. You’ll receive a highly competitive salary, join client meetings, conduct research and practise legal drafting while working and training directly alongside our expert lawyers. The two-week scheme for students runs in July and will help you decide whether a career with us is right for you. What you’ll experience on the scheme You’ll rotate across two different practice groups, carry out research, draft legal documents and attend client meetings, obtaining feedback from your supervisors along the way. Examples of practice groups you could experience are below: Corporate and International Business Reorganisations Direct Tax Employee Incentives Employment Environmental Taxes and Regulation Financial Services (Legal) Indirect Tax Intellectual Property and Commercial Office of General Counsel Private Business and Deals (including Corporate Regions) Real Estate You’ll also complete a series of assessments during the programme – including a business assessment, written exercise and a case law activity. These assessments, along with your performance during the scheme will be used to help us make informed decisions on training contract offers. Eligibility and degree requirements Open to Law and Non-Law degree students Law – penultimate year and beyond (includes graduated candidates) Non-Law degree – final year and beyond (includes graduated candidates) Learning, development and progression Our Summer Vacation Scheme is a great way to find out how we work and see for yourself the ways in which we’re truly unique in the legal marketplace, gaining valuable legal work experience during your time with us. You’ll get a highly competitive wage while you’re here. You’ll have the opportunity to join client meetings and calls, conduct research, practise legal drafting, join our seminar and training programme and work directly alongside our lawyers. Perform well, and you'll be offered a training contract, with a flexible start date where possible. Legal training route after the vacation scheme Before joining our training contract Maintenance grant Postgraduate Diploma in Law (PGDL) (non-Law students) Solicitors Qualifying Examination (SQE) Before joining our training contract Before joining PwC on a training contract non-Law students need to complete the Postgraduate Diploma in Law (PGDL) and Solicitors Qualifying Examination (SQE) before joining PwC on a training contract (each one year in length) and Law students need to complete the SQE LLM Masters (one year in length). PwC covers tuition fees and provides a maintenance grant to support living costs during study time. We partner with BPP and students can decide where they study. This doesn’t need to be London; it can be at any of the BPP study centres in the UK. We also accept applications from students who have self-funded the SQE qualification. Maintenace grant £12,000 per year if studying in London £8,400 per year if studying in a regional location, outside of London (Birmingham, Bristol, Cambridge, Leeds and Manchester) Grant payments are paid in three equal instalments. Postgraduate Diploma in Law (PGDL) Before joining PwC on a training contract, non-Law students need to complete the PGDL and SQE (each one year in length). The PGDL is a law conversion course designed for non-law graduates who want to pursue a career as a solicitor or barrister in England and Wales. The course provides the foundational legal knowledge and skills needed to progress to the next stage of legal training; the Solicitors Qualifying Examination (SQE). Solicitors Qualifying Examination (SQE) The SQE is a single, rigorous assessment for all aspiring solicitors. All those wishing to qualify as a solicitor will need to pass the SQE. On our Legal Services Graduate programme, you'll study towards the Solicitors Qualifying Examination (SQE). You may be familiar with the Legal Practice Course (LPC) which has been replaced with the SQE. The SQE is made up of two parts and the Essentials for Practice. In SQE1 you will be tested on functioning legal knowledge which tests your application of law based on realistic client-based scenarios through multiple choice questions. In SQE2 you will be tested on the practical legal skills required for practice. Essentials for Practice will help in preparing individuals for their workplace role, both in the development of their practice knowledge and technical skill, but also their professional behaviours. You will gain the SQE LLM Masters qualification. This will take one year to complete and requires you to study and complete the qualification before you join the firm on a two-year training contract to gain your Qualified Work Experience. You'll be supported by PwC through your studies and funding for the course and programme. Our assessment and selection process Apply online The first thing you'll need to do is complete your online application carefully, following all the instructions. Online assessment A series of online assessments that measure your cognitive skills, behaviours, natural preferences and reasoning abilities. Video interview The next stage of our assessment process is an on-demand video interview. The questions will focus on how you typically approach your work, for example at school, university or any prior work experience you may have. Assessment centre The last stage of the summer vacation scheme recruitment process is a virtual immersive assessment centre. Summer Vacation Scheme You’ll complete a series of assessments during the programme – including a business assessment, written exercise and a case law activity. Law degree route If you’re studying for/have completed a Law degree, you will then complete a one-year SQE course ahead of joining our Training Contract. Non-law degree route If you’re studying for/have completed a non-Law degree, you will then complete a one-year PGDL conversion course, followed by a one-year SQE LLM Masters ahead of joining our Training Contract. Learn more about our assessment and selection process Assessment and selection process Employability Hub Frequently asked questions Do I need a law degree to apply for this programme? Applicants from both Law and non‑Law degree backgrounds can apply, subject to eligibility and programme requirements. Is the Legal Summer Vacation Scheme paid? The scheme is paid and includes hands‑on legal experience across multiple practice areas. Does completing the scheme guarantee a training contract? The scheme is the principal route into a PwC training contract, but offers are based on performance during the programme and assessments. What happens after I complete the vacation scheme? Successful candidates progress through the relevant legal training route, including the PGDL (for non‑law students) and the SQE, before starting a PwC training contract. Follow PwC UK Careers Working at PwC Inclusion Reward and benefits Discover our UK offices Our People. Their Stories. Talent Community Alumni Our Business Actuarial Audit Consulting Deals Business Solutions Legal Operate Risk Tax Technology Early Careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Event search Job search Employability hub Training and development Applying and FAQs Experienced Careers Our job search Careers toolkit Applying Partner Recruitment Flexible and contractor Our job search Flexible careers Contractor careers Join our Talent Community Your account © 2020 - 2026 PwC. All rights reserved. PwC refers to the PwC network and/or one or more of its member firms, each of which is a separate legal entity. Please see www.pwc.com/structure for further details. Privacy Statement Cookies info Legal Disclaimer About Site Provider Provision of Services Diversity Web Accessibility