International Wealth and Premier Banking | Careers | HSBC Skip to: Skip to Primary navigation Skip to Main content Skip to Footer Menu Who we are Skip to Investors Who we are Founded in 1865, HSBC is one of the world’s largest banking and financial services organisations. Go to this section Main menu Who we are HSBC at a glance Our strategy and values Main menu Who we are Our strategy and values Overview Our strategy Our values Our history Our conduct Our culture Our people Main menu Who we are Our people Introduction Board of directors Senior management Inclusion at HSBC Our customers Our markets HSBC and Digital Main menu Who we are HSBC and Digital Overview HSBC and AI HSBC and Digital Accessibility HSBC and Digital Assets and Currencies HSBC and Quantum HSBC Patents and Research Papers HSBC and Trade HSBC and Wealth HSBC and Sustainability Main menu Who we are HSBC and Sustainability Overview Our Net Zero Transition Plan Supporting our customers Climate Solutions Partnership Sustainability FAQs ESG and responsible business Main menu Who we are ESG and responsible business Introduction ESG reporting centre Governance Tax transparency Fighting financial crime Health and safety Managing risk Working with suppliers Modern Slavery Act OUR STRATEGY AND VALUES Opening up a world of opportunity Close Navigation Investors Skip to News and views Investors Find information about our performance, dividends, and investor events. Go to this section Main menu Investors Investing in HSBC Main menu Investors Investing in HSBC Overview Our investment case Group structure Consensus, buyback updates, and analyst coverage Financial calendar HSBC shareholder updates Results and announcements Main menu Investors Results and announcements Overview All reporting Stock exchange announcements Annual Report Investor events and presentations Shareholder and dividend information Main menu Investors Shareholder and dividend information Overview Manage your shareholding Dividend information and timetable Dividend calculator Scrip dividend AGM and shareholder meetings Share analytics Total share return Investor FAQs HSBC completes privatisation of Hang Seng Bank 滙豐完成恒生銀行私有化 Fixed income investors Main menu Investors Fixed income investors Overview Final terms and supplements Issuance programmes Covered bonds Green Financing Framework Regulatory debt main features Credit ratings Investor alerts Investor contacts Investor information in Chinese - 投資者中文資訊 (opens in new window) OUR INVESTMENT CASE How we deliver long-term value for shareholders Close Navigation News and views Skip to Careers News and views Find the latest news, media releases, opinions, reports, images and videos from HSBC. Go to this section Main menu News and views News Main menu News and views News Latest news Media releases HSBC news archive Views Main menu News and views Views Latest views All topics Trends Media contacts Image library Our brand in action Main menu News and views Our brand in action Overview Sports and arts partnerships We’re there Corners Pivot Turning Point Exchange Seizing Uncertainty MEDIA CONTACTS How journalists can get in touch Close Navigation Careers Skip to Online banking Careers Endless possibilities, diverse outlooks. Build your career at HSBC. Go to this section Main menu Careers Students and graduates Main menu Careers Students and graduates Overview University students and graduates Schools and apprenticeships Events Application guide FAQs Find a programme Life at HSBC Main menu Careers Life at HSBC Overview Meet our people Career development Welcoming diversity Pay and benefits Alumni Our business areas and teams Main menu Careers Our business areas and teams Overview Corporate and Institutional Banking International Wealth and Premier Banking Group Infrastructure Find a job Where we hire Main menu Careers Where we hire Overview Key hiring areas Careers in India Application hints and tips Careers contacts Careers FAQs STUDENTS AND GRADUATES Launch your career, shape your future Close Navigation Online banking Contact Online banking Contact Search Online banking Banking type Toggle dropdown Go Remember me Go You are leaving HSBC.com. Please be aware that the external site policies, or those of another HSBC Group website, may differ from our website terms and conditions and privacy policy. The next site will open in a new browser window. Note: HSBC is not responsible for any content on third party sites, nor does a link suggest endorsement of those sites and/or their content. Learn about online security Close Close online banking panel Search (auto-suggestions will appear below field) Clear text Submit search See all results No results found. Please try a different search term. Close Close search panel Home Careers Our business areas and teams International Wealth and Premier Banking International Wealth and Premier Banking Our International Wealth and Premier Banking business serves millions of customers worldwide. Our employees help customers to manage their day-to-day finances and save for the future. We offer career opportunities ranging from customer service and relationship management to roles in product development and sales, asset management, insurance and wealth planning. International Wealth and Premier Banking supports individuals, families, business owners, investors and entrepreneurs. We provide products and services that include current accounts, credit cards, personal loans and mortgages, as well as savings, investments, insurance and wealth management. We support customers through our branch network, self-service terminals, telephone service centres, and internet and mobile banking. We also have specialised relationship managers who support customers with bespoke requirements, including high net worth and ultra high net worth clients. Opportunities in International Wealth and Premier Banking There are many career opportunities in International Wealth and Premier Banking, with generalist, specialist and managerial roles available at all levels. Students and recent graduates with any degree, and from any background, are encouraged to explore our Global Internships and Graduate Programmes . The employees who work in our network of branches and contact centres are the face of HSBC. They play a vital part in ensuring that we provide a high-quality service to millions of customers worldwide. Roles vary from helping customers carry out day-to-day banking, to offering tailored support to people with complex, long-term financial needs, such as business owners and internationally mobile customers. Branch and contact centres staff are supported by a series of specialist teams, which work in areas including: Products and propositions This team ensures the bank has the most appropriate product range and pricing, delivers high-quality customer service, and handles complaints effectively. They also help to develop product marketing campaigns Strategy and planning The strategy and planning team analyses markets and opportunities to identify potential sources of competitive advantage. It also reviews performance against agreed plans, including our business transformation initiatives, and works with finance to produce monthly and quarterly reporting Digital banking Our digital team is responsible for managing and developing our internet banking services and mobile apps International Wealth and Premier Banking has operations in other key areas including: Wealth Management We help the bank’s clients to grow, manage and preserve their wealth. Our wealth management teams provide financial planning and advice and market insight and updates, as well as products in areas such as investments, deposits, insurance, financing and foreign exchange. They include relationship managers, who work to understand the financial needs of clients and create strategies to meet their objectives, as well as technical product experts, sales managers and support staff Global Asset Management We are responsible for the investment of funds and the design of investment products across the HSBC Group, serving the bank’s customer base of retail and private clients, intermediaries, corporates and institutions. We manage investments in segregated accounts and pooled funds. As well as investment management, the team includes roles in areas such as business and product development, client strategy and transaction and settlement operations HSBC Life Our insurance teams manage the design and pricing of our insurance products, which include life assurance and pension schemes as well as vehicle, home, health and income protection cover. They also handle the bank’s relationships with our specialist insurance partners Global Private Banking We provide banking, investment and wealth management solutions to help high net worth and ultra high net worth clients achieve their ambitions. We can also advise on topics including wealth planning, alternative investments and family governance. And our experts in philanthropy support clients in their objectives to have a positive impact on society Careers in International Wealth and Premier Banking offer the chance for progression, both through promotion and opportunities to work in different areas of the business. Find a role Select country or territory Toggle Select country or territory dropdown Go Go You are leaving HSBC.com. Please be aware that the external site policies, or those of another HSBC Group website, may differ from our website terms and conditions and privacy policy. The next site will open in a new browser window. Note: HSBC is not responsible for any content on third party sites, nor does a link suggest endorsement of those sites and/or their content. Stepping up A keen interest in regulation, risk management and developing relationships has helped Didi build her career at HSBC. Read Didi’s story Find out about other business areas and teams Corporate and Institutional Banking We partner with our corporate, government and institutional clients to help them achieve consistent, long-term performance. Our products and services include advisory, financing, prime services, research and analysis, securities services, trading and sales and transaction banking. Read more Group Infrastructure We provide essential operational, functional and technology support to help HSBC function effectively and provide exceptional customer experience. Read more Share Email a link to this page Share on X Open in new window Share on LinkedIn Open in new window Share on Facebook Open in new window Share on Facebook Messenger Open in new window Share on WhatsApp Open in new window Share Share Email Email a link to this page X Share on X Open in new window LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Open in new window Facebook Share on Facebook Open in new window Facebook Messenger Share on Facebook Messenger Open in new window Whatsapp Share on WhatsApp Open in new window Print Print this page RSS Subscribe to RSS Did you find this page useful? Yes No Why didn't you find this page useful? Boring Poorly written Off-topic Lacks detail Too complex Other Thank you. We appreciate you taking the time to give us feedback. Expand download basket Download basket Download all Open Open basket Close Close basket Download all Remove all Who we are Investors News and views Careers Visit Linkedin (opens in new window) Visit Instagram (opens in new window) Visit Facebook (opens in new window) Visit Youtube (opens in new window) © HSBC Group 2026 Terms and conditions Privacy notice Cookie notice Website accessibility Online security Sitemap Stopping modern slavery ICP 15029387-2 (Chinese only) Shanghai Administration for Industry & Commerce Shanghai Municipal Public Security record No. 31011502400282