Job Application for Operations Strategy & Commercial Lead at Monzo Back to jobs Operations Strategy & Commercial Lead Remote (UK) Apply 🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ 📍UK Remote | 💰£92,400 - £118,225 + Benefits ✨ The Role We’re looking for a Strategy and Commercial Lead to help shape and evolve the Operations strategy as we scale. You’ll help leadership make better decisions by bringing together performance insight, financial analysis, strategic thinking and structured problem solving. You’ll play an important role in making sure our priorities, investments and execution stay aligned as Operations grows in scale and complexity. This is a high ownership role for someone who is comfortable moving between big picture strategy and detailed analysis, and who enjoys working across teams to turn ambiguity into clarity and action. 🔑 You’ll play a key role by... Helping shape and continually evolve the Operations strategy, ensuring our priorities, trade offs and investments stay aligned to customer outcomes, operational resilience and long term efficiency Driving commercial visibility and performance management across Operations, including P&L monitoring, analysis and identifying the biggest opportunities to improve unit economics over time Translating strategy, performance and progress into clear recommendations and decision support for senior leaders Partnering closely with teams across Operations, Product, Engineering and Finance to connect strategy to delivery and make sure the highest value work moves forward Owning the management and coordination of the Operations Roadmap, ensuring there is a clear view of progress, risks, dependencies and decisions, and identifying where plans are off track or outcomes are not landing as intended so the right changes can be made to improve pace and impact [stretch] Driving a small number of high impact cross functional initiatives that improve the scalability, efficiency and profitability of Operations (e.g goodwill) 🤩 We’d love to hear from you if… You have strong experience in strategy, commercial, transformation, business operations or a similar role in a fast moving environment You have a track record of solving complex problems with analytical rigour, sound judgement and a strong bias to action You bring strong commercial acumen and are comfortable using performance and financial insight to support strategic decisions You are comfortable working on P&L analysis, business cases, investment questions and broader unit economics You are an excellent strategic thinker, able to see the bigger picture while also getting into the detail when needed You are a strong communicator, especially in writing, and can turn complexity into clear and compelling recommendations for senior stakeholders You are comfortable leading cross functional work and driving alignment without direct authority You thrive in ambiguity and are able to adapt quickly as priorities evolve You are highly organised, able to manage multiple priorities and keep focus on what matters most 🌈 The application journey has 4 key steps Application questions Recruiter Call - 30 mins 1st stage Technical Interview - 1 hour and if you pass the 1st stage , a 2nd stage interview with case study. 🙌 What’s in it for you 💰 £92,400 - £118,225 📍This role can be based in our London office, but we're open to distributed working within the UK (with ad hoc meetings in London) 🏡 We will set you up to work from home; all employees are given Macbooks and for fully remote workers we will provide extra support for your work-from-home setup. ➕ Plus lots more! Read our full list of benefits . Our average process takes around 4 weeks but we'll always work around your availability. You'll have the chance to speak to our recruitment team at various points during your process, but if you do have any specific questions ahead of this please contact ninaebanksmetcalfe@monzo.com 🤖 We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo. You can read them here . We shall close this role once we feel we have enough applications, so please apply quickly! #LI-REMOTE #LI-NEM Equal opportunities for everyone Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our blog , 2026 Diversity and Inclusion Report and 2025 Gender Pay Gap Report. We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status. If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊 Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country Phone Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf 🔐 Keeping your data safe is really important to use. Please take a look at our candidate data privacy notice (linked below) and confirm that you have. * Select... 🔗 Candidate Data Privacy Notice . The salary range for this role is £92,400 - £118,225 (depending on direct and relevant experience). By submitting this application, you are agreeing to work within our salary framework. What is your current salary? * 1. Strategy & Commercial Acumen Where do you see the biggest commercial or efficiency opportunity within Operations right now, and what key data or metrics would you use to build the business case for it? * 2. Ownership & Execution Describe a time you turned an ambiguous or off-track project into a clear, actionable plan across multiple teams. What was the outcome? * If you’d like to, please share your preferred pronouns (eg. they/them/theirs, she/her/hers). If you'd like to, please spell out your name how it's pronounced so we know how to say it. Are you a US tax resident? * Select... 🛂 Please confirm your Right to Work status in the location where this job is advertised. * Select... We legally have to verify that you have the right to work in the location where you'd be working from. Your answer to this question won't affect the outcome of your application, unless you'd need visa sponsorship but are applying to a role we don't sponsor. 👤 Identity survey Our goal at Monzo is to make money work for everyone. To do that, working at Monzo must work for everyone. We want to create an equitable, engaged and innovative workplace which gives people from all backgrounds the support they need to thrive and grow. Making Monzo work for everyone starts right at the beginning of every Monzonaut's journey: when they apply to work here. This demographic survey will help us better understand the people who apply to work at Monzo. It'll help us see how different groups progress through our hiring process, and where we need to make improvements to be more inclusive. If you choose to fill it out, all of the information you give us is: Voluntary . And we've included a "prefer not to say" option for every question. It'd be helpful if you still fill out the survey even if you choose "prefer not to say" for every question, as it's useful for us to understand & record this. We won't know if you choose to fill this survey in or not. Anonymous to Monzo . We can't tie your responses to you and they won't make a difference to the outcome of your application. We'll only use grouped responses for equal opportunities monitoring in our hiring process. For more information on how we'll use this data, please read our candidate privacy notice . By filling out this survey, you agree that we can use your responses for the purposes we've mentioned above. You are not letting us know if we need to make any adjustments to the hiring process because of disability or neurodiversity - to do this please email us. How would you describe your gender identity? Select... Do you identify as transgender? Select... What's your sexual orientation? Select... Do you identify as having a disability? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodivergent? Select... How would your describe your ethnicity? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse