Job Application for Senior Financial Control Analyst at Monzo Back to jobs Senior Financial Control Analyst London Apply 🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ Senior Financial Control Analyst 📍London/Cardiff | 💰£60,000 - £65,000 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance + Benefits ⭐ Our Financial Control Team: Monzo is growing fast - new products, new markets and new locations. As we expand we need to make sure we can support our businesses and control our processes, so we are growing our team to meet these exciting new challenges! Our team sits within Monzo’s Finance collective and our job is getting the numbers right. We’re currently a team of seven qualified accountants, split between our Cardiff and London offices, and we ensure the ledger’s correct at every month-end. We work closely with all areas of Finance and the product teams to make that happen. 🔑 You’ll play a key role by… We're looking for a proactive, enthusiastic and commercially-minded accountant to work on our financial accounting, and help us build a world-class finance function. This role would be well suited to a qualified accountant with 2+ years of post-qualification experience. We have some really exciting challenges under way like making sure we maximise our new SAP S4/HANA general ledger, expanding into the European Union, pushing forward with our automation plans, continuing to grow our customer base, growing our lending business and adding to our marketplace. You’ll work on scaling Monzo in a controlled way, while helping us optimise our financial control processes with the help of technology. You’ll report to our Financial Control Manager. Your day-to-day: Help embed our software capitalisation process working closely with our engineering and business teams to create an automated and scalable solution. Take on the role of product owner for the financial reporting processes of software capitalisation, operating key controls across month end close and performing impairment assessments. Use your strong technical knowledge of relevant IFRS standards for capitalisation and impairment to support and challenge the business on areas of judgement and documentary evidence. Manage a tight process with the rest of our internal Finance team to ensure a swift month-end close process and group consolidation. Understand the business and our products to write insightful management commentary. Understand our accounting systems and make sure we are taking advantage of all features we can to minimise manual elements of reporting. Learn SQL skills to run reports and propose solutions that make our processes efficient and scalable. Support our year end process working with external auditors and our Financial Reporting squad. Help review new products, assessing the accounting and implementing them in our banking platform and accounting system Work with the business to assess the impact of changes in accounting standards and make proposals on accounting policy matters for new products launched Help maintain the integrity of our chart of accounts and financial static data Resolve miscellaneous inquiries and support the overall finance team wherever needed - from forecasting and valuations, to bank transfers, transfer pricing and tax policy research! 🤩 We’d love to hear from you if… You’re a qualified accountant with a few years’ post-qualification experience, ideally in financial reporting/controlling teams and working in a retail banking environment You have a strong understanding of technical accounting standards You have a great eye for detail You’re fascinated by the banking and regulatory landscape, and have a good understanding of key financial controls You’re a self-starter and enjoy tackling what needs doing, whether it’s making a bank transfer or pulling together reports for investors You’re comfortable translating complex information into simple words for people with diverse backgrounds You’re interested in using data (SQL skills would be a bonus) You thrive in a dynamic and constantly evolving environment What we’re doing at Monzo excites you! 🙌 What’s in it for you 💰£60,000 - £65,000 ➕Incentive Awards tied to your performance. 📍This role can be based in our London or Cardiff office, but we're open to distributed working within the UK (with ad hoc meetings in London) ⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team. 📚 £1,000 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences. 🏡 We will set you up to work from home; all employees are given Macbooks and for fully remote workers we will provide extra support for your work-from-home setup. ➕ Plus lots more! Read our full list of benefits . 🌈 The application journey has 3 key steps Recruiter Screening Conversation Role Specific Interview Behavioural Interview This process should take around 3-4 weeks - your schedule is really important to us, so we promise to be as flexible as possible! We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo. You can read them here. Equal opportunities for everyone Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our blog , 2026 Diversity and Inclusion Report and 2025 Gender Pay Gap Report. We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status. If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊 Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf 🇺🇸 Are you a US Person? * Select... A US Person is defined as someone who: was born in the United States (US) has at least 1 parent who was born in the US is a naturalised citizen of the US is a green card holder is a US tax resident 🔐 Keeping your data safe is really important to us. Please take a look at our Candidate Data Privacy Notice (linked below) and confirm that you have. * Select... 🔗 Candidate Data Privacy Notice . If you’d like to, please share your preferred pronouns (eg. they/them/theirs, she/her/hers). If you'd like to, please spell out your name how it's pronounced so we know how to say it. 🛂 Please confirm your Right to Work status in the location where this job is advertised. * Select... We legally have to verify that you have the right to work in the location where you'd be working from. Your answer to this question won't affect the outcome of your application, unless you'd need visa sponsorship but are applying to a role we don't sponsor. 👤 Identity survey Our goal at Monzo is to make money work for everyone. To do that, working at Monzo must work for everyone. We want to create an equitable, engaged and innovative workplace which gives people from all backgrounds the support they need to thrive and grow. Making Monzo work for everyone starts right at the beginning of every Monzonaut's journey: when they apply to work here. This demographic survey will help us better understand the people who apply to work at Monzo. It'll help us see how different groups progress through our hiring process, and where we need to make improvements to be more inclusive. If you choose to fill it out, all of the information you give us is: Voluntary . And we've included a "prefer not to say" option for every question. It'd be helpful if you still fill out the survey even if you choose "prefer not to say" for every question, as it's useful for us to understand & record this. We won't know if you choose to fill this survey in or not. Anonymous to Monzo . We can't tie your responses to you and they won't make a difference to the outcome of your application. We'll only use grouped responses for equal opportunities monitoring in our hiring process. For more information on how we'll use this data, please read our candidate privacy notice . By filling out this survey, you agree that we can use your responses for the purposes we've mentioned above. You are not letting us know if we need to make any adjustments to the hiring process because of disability or neurodiversity - to do this please email us. How would you describe your gender identity? Select... Do you identify as transgender? Select... What's your sexual orientation? Select... Do you identify as having a disability? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodivergent? Select... How would your describe your ethnicity? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse