Leasing Credit – Global Vendor Finance and International Asset Finance Summer Analyst - London 2027 at Bank of America | Higherin DID YOU COMPLETE WORK EXPERIENCE THIS YEAR? IT'S TIME TO LEAVE A REVIEW Open menu Jobs Search all jobs Search and apply for internships, placements, graduate jobs, insights and apprenticeships University Students Internships Placements Graduate Jobs and Schemes Insights & Vacation Schemes Brand Ambassadors School Leavers Apprenticeships Degree Apprenticeships Level 2 Apprenticeships Level 3 Apprenticeships Level 4/5 Apprenticeships School Leaver Programmes Popular Searches Placements in London Internships in London Graduate Jobs in London Engineering Graduate Schemes Business Placements Finance Internships Marketing Placements Apprenticeships in London Business Apprenticeships Finance Apprenticeships Tech Apprenticeships Reviews Write A Review Share your experience of your apprenticeship, internship or placement to help future applicants make informed career decisions Read All Reviews What’s it like to work at your dream company? Written by university students and school leavers, read our job reviews to find out Reviews by Scheme Internship Reviews Placement Reviews Graduate Job Reviews Insight & Vacation Scheme Reviews Apprenticeship Reviews Degree Apprenticeship Reviews Level 2 Apprenticeship Reviews Level 3 Apprenticeship Reviews Level 4/5 Apprenticeship Reviews Companies All Companies Search for companies to learn more about their culture, read job reviews written by students, and discover the latest job opportunities they have to offer Top Employers Each year, we rank the employers leading the way in apprenticeship, undergraduate and graduate schemes - voted for entirely by your student job reviews Advice Explore Industries Accounting Careers Banking Careers Business Careers Engineering Careers Finance Careers IT & Technology Careers Legal & Law Careers Marketing Careers Public Sector Careers Retail & FMCG Careers Science & Research Careers View all Industries » Explore Schemes What is an Internship? What is a Placement? What is a Graduate Job? What is a Graduate Scheme? What is an Insight Scheme? What is an Off-Cycle Internship? What is an Apprenticeship? What is a Degree Apprenticeship? What is a Level 2 Apprenticeship? What is a Level 3 Apprenticeship? What is a Level 4 or 5 Apprenticeship? View all Schemes » All Careers Advice Educate yourself on your future career decisions Exploring Options Discover career paths that match your interests and strengths Application Tips Stand out with our CVs and application hacks Interview Tips Turn nerves into confidence and impress employers Student Life Make the most of your university or school experience Working Life Navigate your first job with ease University Hub Resources for university careers advisors and their students Schools Hub Supporting your students with post-16 options For Employers Sign In My Dashboard See new jobs and content matching your interests Application tracker Track your applications across multiple jobs My Reviews View your in progress or completed reviews Saved Items Managed your saved jobs and searches Account Update your profile to receive a better experience Visit Dashboard Sign out My Dashboard See new jobs and content matching your interests Application tracker Track your applications across multiple jobs My Reviews View your in progress or completed reviews Saved Items Managed your saved jobs and searches Account Update your profile to receive a better experience Create an account Sign in Close menu Jobs Search all jobs Search and apply for internships, placements, graduate jobs, insights and apprenticeships University Students Internships Placements Graduate Jobs and Schemes Insights & Vacation Schemes Brand Ambassadors School Leavers Apprenticeships Degree Apprenticeships Level 2 Apprenticeships Level 3 Apprenticeships Level 4/5 Apprenticeships School Leaver Programmes Popular Searches Placements in London Internships in London Graduate Jobs in London Engineering Graduate Schemes Business Placements Finance Internships Marketing Placements Apprenticeships in London Business Apprenticeships Finance Apprenticeships Tech Apprenticeships Reviews Write A Review Share your experience of your apprenticeship, internship or placement to help future applicants make informed career decisions Read All Reviews What’s it like to work at your dream company? Written by university students and school leavers, read our job reviews to find out Reviews by Scheme Internship Reviews Placement Reviews Graduate Job Reviews Insight & Vacation Scheme Reviews Apprenticeship Reviews Degree Apprenticeship Reviews Level 2 Apprenticeship Reviews Level 3 Apprenticeship Reviews Level 4/5 Apprenticeship Reviews Companies All Companies Search for companies to learn more about their culture, read job reviews written by students, and discover the latest job opportunities they have to offer Top Employers Each year, we rank the employers leading the way in apprenticeship, undergraduate and graduate schemes - voted for entirely by your student job reviews Advice Explore Industries Accounting Careers Banking Careers Business Careers Engineering Careers Finance Careers IT & Technology Careers Legal & Law Careers Marketing Careers Public Sector Careers Retail & FMCG Careers Science & Research Careers View all Industries » Explore Schemes What is an Internship? What is a Placement? What is a Graduate Job? What is a Graduate Scheme? What is an Insight Scheme? What is an Off-Cycle Internship? What is an Apprenticeship? What is a Degree Apprenticeship? What is a Level 2 Apprenticeship? What is a Level 3 Apprenticeship? What is a Level 4 or 5 Apprenticeship? View all Schemes » All Careers Advice Educate yourself on your future career decisions Exploring Options Discover career paths that match your interests and strengths Application Tips Stand out with our CVs and application hacks Interview Tips Turn nerves into confidence and impress employers Student Life Make the most of your university or school experience Working Life Navigate your first job with ease University Hub Resources for university careers advisors and their students Schools Hub Supporting your students with post-16 options Home / Jobs / Bank of America / Leasing Credit – Global Vendor Finance and International Asset Finance Summer Analyst - London 2027 at Bank of America Leasing Credit – Global Vendor Finance and International Asset Finance Summer Analyst - London 2027 at Bank of America About 4.7/5 Summary Job Description Job Details Deadline: 11th October 2026 2 days to go! Job Type: Internship (1 Month+) Job Roles: Banking Data Analysis Finance Locations: London Job Description The Team The fundamental role of the Leasing Enterprise Credit EMEA team is to assess a counterparty’s credit risk, which requires a deep understanding of a company’s industry, competitive position, strategy, and financial performance. The team is responsible for managing the end-to-end credit process, from initial due diligence through to structuring, underwriting, approval and closing. During the programme, Summer Analysts may be aligned to Global Vendor Finance (GVF) or International Asset Finance (IAF Credit). GVF focuses on evaluating and underwriting new end-user credit opportunities, including the identification and assessment of strengths, weaknesses and risks and describing relevant mitigating factors. IAF Credit is responsible for underwriting and credit structuring of facilities originated by the International Asset Finance business of Bank of America, with exposure to asset finance solutions and key sectors including shipping, rail and other land transport. IAF Credit supports complex structured transactions ranging from large-ticket asset financing to general equipment financing solutions, with deal sizes ranging from $5MM to >$100MM. The team also manages credit monitoring for a portfolio of clients, including reviewing financial statements, assessing compliance with financial covenants, updating risk ratings, and preparing periodic status reviews. Programme Overview Our ten-week Summer Analyst programme is designed to offer you a comprehensive experience of life as a full-time credit analyst. During your internship, you will be aligned to either the Global Vendor Finance (GVF) or International Asset Finance (IAF Credit) team within Leasing Credit. Depending on your team alignment, you will support the evaluation and underwriting of new end-user credit opportunities and/or new asset finance transactions, as well as the monitoring of credit risk on existing transactions. This may include: Identifying and assessing strengths, weaknesses and risks, including credit, market, operational and structural risks Understanding transaction structures Assessing industry trends and collateral where relevant Identifying and describing mitigating factors You will also have an opportunity to learn more generally about Global Leasing, including other business units in EMEA and the Equipment Management group. Training and Development Your training and development are our top priorities with extensive formal training offered at the start of the programme in addition to on-the-job support, educational speaker events and mentorship throughout. Responsibilities As a summer analyst, your key tasks and responsibilities may include but are not limited to: Performing extensive qualitative and quantitative credit analysis to assess a counterparty’s credit risk Compiling detailed credit memos and risk rating scorecards for new and existing clients Presenting recommendations to senior colleagues in both written and verbal format Supporting the evaluation of transaction structures and the assessment of risks and mitigating factors Working on in-flight projects and initiatives to support the Enterprise Credit mandate Eligibility Candidates are required to be pursuing a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree from an accredited college or university with a completion time frame between September 2027 and July 2028. Completion means that you have completed all final exams, coursework, and have no outstanding requirements for graduation. Please note that we reserve the right to request evidence of this completion date before extending an offer. Must be available to join the programme from June - August 2027 On track for a minimum 2:1 degree classification (or equivalent) What We Are Looking For Essential Strong analytical skills and good attention to detail Effective written and verbal communication; fluency in English is essential An inquisitive nature and a keen interest in the financial markets Must be able to interact effectively in a team environment as well as work independently with minimal guidance and direction. The ability to efficiently multi-task and be decisive are important to success. Strong interpersonal skills Results oriented, can accomplish objectives in a specified timeframe A moderate level of proficiency in Excel and other programmes within the Microsoft Office suite Desired Proficiency in a language other than English (although not a requirement) Salary and Benefits We offer a competitive Salary and Benefits package. Diversity and Inclusion At Bank of America, we are guided by a common purpose to help make financial lives better through the power of every connection. We do this by driving Responsible Growth and delivering for our clients, teammates, communities and shareholders every day. Being a Great Place to Work is core to how we drive Responsible Growth. This includes our commitment to being an inclusive workplace, attracting and developing exceptional talent, supporting our teammates’ physical, emotional, and financial wellness, recognising and rewarding performance, and how we make an impact in the communities we serve. Bank of America is committed to an in-office culture with specific requirements for office-based attendance and which allows for an appropriate level of flexibility for our teammates and businesses based on role-specific considerations. At Bank of America, you can build a successful career with opportunities to learn, grow, and make an impact. Join us! Apply Please note the maximum number of applications that you can submit per recruitment season is 8. You are only allowed to submit: 3 applications in total to U.S. and Canada programs 2 applications in total to APAC programs 2 applications in total to LATAM programs EMEA applicants are limited to 1 application per recruitment season. Once your application has been submitted, you will be unable to apply to any additional EMEA programs. Our recruitment process Analyst internship and full-time recruiting takes place on a rolling basis once our applications are open. Assessments often begin before the deadline, so it’s best to submit your application early as this will give you the best chance of being considered for the role. We care deeply about shaping the world of work to be an equal and inclusive one – and that starts with our recruitment process. We know just how important and valuable it is to have a wide range of skills, backgrounds and experiences shaping our work and ideas. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds, and we’re proud to focus on attracting, retaining and developing diverse talent within Bank of America. Together, we aim to mirror the customers, clients and communities we serve. We are an equal opportunities employer, and ensure that no applicant is subject to less favourable treatment on the grounds of gender, gender identity or gender reassignment, marital or civil partner status, race, religion or belief, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origins, age, sexual orientation, being pregnant or on maternity leave, socio-economic background, responsibilities for dependants, physical or mental disability. The Bank selects candidates for interview based on their skills, qualifications and experience. What if I need workplace adjustments? We’re committed to ensuring our online application process provides an equal employment opportunity to all job seekers. If you need a workplace adjustment to search for a job opening, need help completing your application or video interview, please email juniortalentemea@bofa.com and let us know. We will be more than happy to discuss the support you need, and we will respond to your email within two business days. Application Deadline: October 11 2026 How to apply To apply for this role and to find out more, please click on the apply button. Please note that applications may close before the application deadline, so apply early to avoid disappointment. Job Details Deadline: 11th October 2026 2 days to go! Job Type: Internship (1 Month+) Job Roles: Banking Data Analysis Finance Locations: London About Bank of America Whatever your degree or background, we welcome students and graduates into our inclusive culture. We’re proud that Forbes named us one of 2025’s Best Large Employers – recognizing our commitment to inclusion and wellbeing. View Company Profile Company Rating 4.7 /5 Rating based on 176 Reviews This score is based on honest feedback written by students who’ve worked at Bank of America. See All Reviews Corporate Audit Summer 2027 Analyst - Dublin at Bank of America Internship (1 Month+) Dublin View Job Global Operations Operations Analyst Summer 2027 - Dublin at Bank of America Internship (1 Month+) Dublin View Job Global Technology Business Analyst Internship 2027 (6 months) - Dublin at Bank of America Internship (1 Month+) Dublin View Job Opportunities in Global Technology Internships at Bank of America Internship (1 Month+) Bromley, Dublin, Chester View Job Global Payment Solutions 2027 Summer Analyst - London at Bank of America Internship (1 Month+) London View Job View More Jobs Join the Higherin Community Save Time Easily add jobs from Higherin or external platforms to keep everything organised. Personalised Alerts Get tailored job recommendations and updates straight to your inbox. Exclusive Features Access tools like application tracking, deadline reminders, and saved searches. Stay Ahead Be the first to know about the latest opportunities and deadlines. Completely Free Create an account and unlock powerful features at no cost. Start Exploring Search for Jobs Job Reviews Companies Top Apprenticeship Employers Top Graduate Employers Top Undergraduate Employers Help & Support Contact Us Report a Problem For Employers Promote Internships Hire Apprentices Recruit Graduates Brand Ambassadors Employer Branding Activations Privacy & Legal Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our Company About Us Higherin Academy Careers higherin.careers higherin.apprenticeships 2026 Higherin. All rights reserved.