China Teaching Experience | TravelGrad top of page START YOUR OVERSEAS ADVENTURE APPLY/ENQUIRE REQUEST A PLACE Home About Us Opportunities Thailand TEFL Taster China Teaching Experience Vietnam TEFL Korea 365 Japan TEFL TEFL Course Members Area Members Area - Thailand Members Area - South Korea Members Area - China Members Area - Japan Members Area - Vietnam More Use tab to navigate through the menu items. YOUR SAFE & SUPPORTED ROUTE TO TEACHING IN CHINA See China with your own eyes and kickstart your post-uni life alongside a group of adventurous grads through our 10-month China Teaching Experience China is an obvious choice for adventure-seeking grads looking for something truly different. Shrouded in mystery, it’s a country of contrasts, with no end of things to discover. From the glamour of Shanghai to the authenticity of Guizhou, it’s full of opportunities — to travel, explore and expand your horizons. On this 10-month teaching adventure, you’ll experience modern China in all its vibrant glory. You’ll dive headfirst into the mother of all new cultures, test the boundaries of your comfort zone, and gain the kind of knowledge and confidence that’ll make you stand head and shoulders above the crowd. What’s more, you’ll do it all alongside a group of equally adventurous Travel Grads. This is the opportunity for you if… -> You’re in (or have just graduated from) your final year of uni and are ready to go out there and see the world in a unique, challenging and eye-opening way. -> You’re fascinated by Chinese culture and want to see and experience the country for yourself. -> You’ve explored other ways to teach in China, but the horror stories have led you to seek a safe, easy and supported route that’s anything but stressful. -> You want to try teaching and gain hands-on classroom experience in a chilled environment. Is that you? Great! We’ve got you. Since 2014, we’ve been connecting globally-minded grads with exciting alternatives to the traditional ‘grad job’ we’re all bored of hearing about. After starting our own careers abroad, we discovered the world has so much more to offer than life at home — and we’re all about helping you see and experience it. We’ve designed our services to create a safe, supported way to catapult yourself into the unknown. It’s not as scary as it sounds with us in your pocket: we’re here to guide, support and advise you every step of the way, so you can be sure you’re making a great decision. Our 10-month China Teaching Experience is your fully-supported, hassle-free route to teaching English in the Middle Kingdom. Including thorough step-by-step guidance from a team that’s been where you are, it’s the foolproof way to embark on a safe and meaningful adventure. Find a legit job you can trust We’ve partnered with honest, reliable schools and agencies with your best interests at heart. You’ll receive your full monthly salary, comfortable housing, and a legal working visa, so you can make the most of your experience without the niggling concerns. Take control of your adventure From the major to the more rural cities, you’ll have the chance to teach in almost any region you like. Tell us your preferences during the application process, and we’ll use our network and knowledge of China to place you in a city where you’ll feel right at home. Skip the confusion, fast-forward to the fun We’re here to guide you through all the confusing stuff — from gathering legal docs to applying for your visa. We’ll tell you which hoops you need to jump through and when and keep you updated on any regulatory changes, giving you peace of mind you’re doing it right. First-time teacher? Happy Days! A 120-hour online TEFL course will bring you up to speed with the need-to-know best practices and classroom management hacks before you leave. You’ll arrive in China with the know-how, confidence and energy to do an amazing job. Trust us, you’ll smash it! Make friends for life from day one Around 80% of Travel Grads are solo travellers. If that’s you too, know that you’re not alone. You’ll meet your fellow grads in a WhatsApp group before heading off, so you can chat, meet up and land in China with a ready-made group of friends with whom to share your journey! Experience China for yourself It’s time to see what it’s really like. You’ll witness the intoxicating blend of old and new, explore Insta-worthy gems you never knew existed and experience dynamic cities that literally never stop. It really is as exhilarating as you’ve heard, and you’re about to become a part of it. Buzzing! Travel Grad - Daniel McParland [China Teaching Experience - 2018] “ China Teaching Experience has been excellent. The support provided is second to none on the market & I'm still getting checked up on 2 & a half years in! I came to China adamant I’d only be here for 1 year… I struggled in the first few months coming to terms with being away from home. I overcame this with help from China Teaching Experience & honestly they settled me down. I’ve had the experience of a lifetime & it’s all thanks to these guys making sure I was placed here with my friends. ” PLACEMENT INFO You’ll work in a school in a big city like Beijing, Shenzhen, Guangzhou or a smaller city like Foshan, Guiyang, Nanning. School: Public Schools & Private Schools Position: Foreign English Teacher Schedule: Work at one school 8 - 4 Monday - Friday Accommodation: Included FREE Salary: £1000 - £2000 per month (depending on placement) Extras: Most contracts include either £550 or £900 for flights WHEN WILL YOU GO? Major Intake [Every Year] : Start Date: Roughly 20 August Application Deadline: April 30 or Whenever all 20 places are taken ​ Minor Intake [Every Year] : Start Date: Roughly 20 February Application Deadline: September 30 or Whenever all 5 places are taken ​ Take Your Journey To The Skies! ​ ​ ​ Apply/Enquire or ​​Request A Place ​ Depending how decided you are on it all, you are good either to Apply/Enquire or Request A Place . Those who have been following us online for a while, have chatted with us on WhatsApp, or have had a friend go through the process already, often opt for the latter, whilst those completely new to the whole thing tend to opt for the former. We don't mind either way however - You are good to choose whichever option feels right for you! ​ ​ Those opting to Apply/Enquire can expect to hear back from us within a couple of days. Eligible applicants will be invited onto a 20/30 minute Discovery Call with a friendly member of our small team! On this comprehensive call, we will go through absolutely everything, from applicant eligibility, opportunity specifics, VISA process and more. ​ Those opting to Request A Place will be sent a payment link for the first half of their support fee, providing they meet the participation criteria. Such criteria is typically confirmed via WhatsApp. ​​ In either case, payment of the first half of your support fee guarantees a placement on whichever opportunity you've applied for ( and also gets you +12 months flexibility - You can postpone your departure, or even change your destination, for free, for up to 12 additional months ). Within about 48 hours you'll receive your online TEFL course login & Members Area access , and we’ll hit go on the rest! Don’t stress — we’ll walk you through every step and answer all of your questions along the way - it's what we do! ​ CHINA TEACHING EXPERIENCE IS FOR YOU IF… - > You’re a native English speaker keen to make a difference in students’ lives by teaching them to speak your language. -> You’ve got (or will soon have) an undergraduate degree in any subject and are looking for an authentic way to experience Chinese culture. -> You’re bang up for a real adventure, and you’re ready to commit to a full 10-month placement. -> You’ve got a clean criminal record and are ready to invest in making your journey happen. Travel Grad - Blerim [China Teaching Experience Applicant] “ If I had to explain my China Teaching Experience, I wouldn't need to think long about it. This experience was the best of my life, professionally and personally. When I contacted Travelgrad for the first time, I doubted if my questIons would be answered. Surprisingly, the company owner was very helpful and informative during the process; from the interview until I got the visa, he helped me in every step. Even after I went to China, Andrew regularly contacted me if everything was going well with my job and needed any support, making this company unique to me. Their support and professionalism made me feel at home in a big, foreign country like China. ” YOUR INVESTMENT: £749 [Standard Rate] £499 [Discounted Rate] China Teaching Experience 120-hour online TEFL course Full application process assistance (incl. School application, visa process and related documents) Accommodation (in all placements but Shanghai) Post-arrival induction to help you settle in In-country support during your placement Whatsapp group chat access to meet friends before departure £499/£749 “ TravelGrad was fantastic in helping me to overcome both administrative/bureaucratic barriers and the general anxieties of moving to the other side of the world. The service and support they offered was friendlier and more personal than other providers and made the whole process as smooth as could be .” — Cameron Your Additional TravelGrad Perks You’ll also get access to some exclusive TravelGrad perks as standard: Access to our China Members Area, where you’ll find tips, travel guides, lesson plans and more, to prepare you for your overseas adventure. Free participation on our Thailand-TEFL-Taster, or Vietnam TEFL opportunities, upon completion out in China. Flexible & Reassuring Payment Structure ​ Ease the burden on the bank and your mind by splitting the fee across two equal instalments: the first when you secure a spot on your chosen opportunity (guarantees the placement), the second when you confirm/accept a specific contract/school. Each of these instalments can be further split into 3 instalments, via Klarna, if you wish. ​ Upon payment of your first instalment, you’ll also receive the login to your 120-hour online TEFL course. This 'Teaching English as a Foreign Language' qualification will be yours for life, work worldwide, and is in no way restricted to TravelGrad opportunities. The Unavoidable Costs If you’re going to move to China, you’ve got to do it properly. And legally doing so involves a few extra costs, spread over the 6 months before you go. We’ll give you a heads up before they’re due, so you know what to expect. Visa ~UK £200 / USA $250 [+ 2 in-person visits to London/Edinburgh/Manchester VISA centre] Apostling Documents Best Case Scenario (85% of applicants) UK £130 / USA $300/350 Worst Case Scenario (15% of applicants) UK £300 / USA $600 Travel Insurance (Highly Recommended) ~ Roughly £300/Year [UK] and roughly $500/Year [USA] Flight ~ Roughly £500 / $600 Medical - Some regions in China require a medical be completed in your home country before departure, while some regions don't. It can cost anywhere from 0-£500/$600 in the UK/USA. You can avoid this cost by choosing a placement region that doesn't require it. Initial Spending Money £750+ (An extra £750/£1K initial spending money is advised for accommodation set-up, but is not 100% necessary - speak with us about this for further details) Vaccinations ~ Average is £100 (however, applicants have reported paying anywhere from 0-500. It really does depend on what you get, where you get it, and your own personal attitude to risk. Travel Grad - Jake Bown [China Teaching Experience Applicant] “ The China Teaching Experience gave a springboard for my girlfriend and I to come and work in China, while making it possible to ping around and travel SE Asia completely stress free (until covid hit). Overall. If you decide to choose The China Teaching Experience, you'll love it and feel very supported! Go do it! ” READY TO KICKSTART YOUR CHINA TEACHING EXPERIENCE? - > A life-changing experience that opens your eyes to a little-understood part of the world -> Expert support from a team that’s (literally) been in your shoes and knows China inside out -> A placement at a legit kindergarten, primary or high school that’ll look after, pay and support you -> Thorough personalised guidance to answer your questions and put your mind at ease, throughout -> A smooth, supported route into teaching in China with other like-minded graduates FAQS Is this the right option for me? The fact you’ve made it this far suggests it is. If you’re a soon-to-be or recent grad looking to safely start your China teaching adventure with the step-by-step support and guidance to get you there, this is 100% the right option for you. Can I apply with a spouse, friend or a group? Yes, absolutely! Talk to us about joint/group placements. Will I be close to other Travel Grads? Absolutely! We cluster our applicants in groups. Will I have help finding accommodation in Shanghai? Yes. Our partners in Shanghai will pair you with a coordinator who speaks English and will help you find accommodation in a suitable location. It’s common in China to find an apartment, sign the contract and move in within a couple of days (if not hours), so there's no need to stress about booking viewings in advance etc. We’ll guide you through it all. How do I know I’ll get my money’s worth? We’ve put every effort into creating a service that puts your safety and happiness first. That means going the extra mile to make sure you feel relaxed, supported and excited the entire time. Past and present Travel Grads tell us this is exactly how they feel, so we’re sure your future self will think so, too. Is it possible I won’t like it? There’s no denying that living abroad has its ups and downs — it’s part of the experience. That said, our goal is to ensure you make the best decision for you. So to make sure you do, we share everything you need to know about life as a teacher in China during the application process. If at any point before you leave, you feel another option is more suitable, just let us know, and we’ll see what we can do! Then, once you’re there, our team is only ever a text or call away. REVIEWS WE ARE SUPER PRO UD OF EVERY SINGLE ONE OF OUR INDEPENDENTLY VERIFIED REVIEWS! CHECK THEM OUT! PROUDLY PARTNERED WITH COPYRIGHT © 2026. TRAVELGRAD LTD. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. INCORPORATED IN ENGLAND & WALES, COMPANY REG NUMBER 9131111 FIND US @ 483 Green Lanes, London (UK) N134BS info@travelgrad.com 0208 123 1698 ​ ​ bottom of page