Job Application for Senior Brand Designer, Fixed Term Contract at Monzo Back to jobs Senior Brand Designer, Fixed Term Contract London Apply 🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ 📍London (Hybrid) | 💰£60,000 - £72,000 | Benefits ✨ | 6 Month Fixed-Term Contract ⭐Our Design Team We’re a team of 115+ designers, researchers, and brand experts led by Chief Design Officer, Vuokko Aro. We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re seeking an experienced and versatile Senior Brand Designer with a strong portfolio showing branding, art direction and ideas. In this role, you’ll shape Monzo’s visual identity, deliver high-quality design solutions aligned with strategic goals, and drive innovative ideas as a conceptual thinker. Your designs will combine creativity and vision, ensuring they’re both compelling and rooted in strong concepts. As part of our dynamic internal creative studio, you’ll collaborate with designers and writers, exchanging feedback and raising design standards. Working closely with the Lead Designers and Creative Director, you’ll ensure consistency and evolve the Monzo brand by partnering with product designers, marketing teams, and external agencies. Key projects include refining brand guidelines, developing motion storyboards, creating campaign assets, collaborating on web designs and product designs, and elevating internal design projects. 🔑You’ll play a key role by... Creative Leadership. Lead end-to-end projects from ideation to execution while fostering a collaborative and productive team environment. Generate excellent ideas and articulate them clearly, both visually and verbally. Whether it’s crafting a standout campaign, refining our typography, or animating assets. Working with externally agency partners on all things design, concepts and campaigns. Brand Design. You demonstrate a deep knowledge of branding and show how you've created new or consistent work for an existing brand. Hands-On Design. Roll up your sleeves and contribute directly to the design work—whether it’s crafting a standout campaign, refining our typography, or animating assets. Typography. Utilize expert knowledge of typography to create visually appealing and readable designs. Collaboration and Communication . Work closely with cross-functional teams, including marketing, product development, and project management, to deliver cohesive design solutions. Creatively concept art direction and motion for in-app experiences with product teams. 🤩 We’d love to hear from you if… You have a proven track record in design roles, with a strong portfolio demonstrating branding, art direction, campaigns and typography. You demonstrate proficiency in design software such as Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, After Effects), Figma is a must. Motion skills or 3D programs are a plus. You possess a strong understanding of design principles, colour theory, and typography. You have experience in leading design projects and mentoring junior designers. You have excellent communication skills and the ability to articulate design concepts to both internal teams and clients. You can manage multiple projects simultaneously and meet tight deadlines. You have experience in fast-paced tech startups or creative agencies working on global brands. You have experience in additional areas like web design, print design, storyboarding, art direction, film. You’re obsessed with strategically designing within a brand, and have strong skills with evolving within a brand guideline. 🙌What’s in it for you 💰£60,000 - £72,000 📍This role is based in our London office, with a hybrid working arrangement. ℹ️ Please note this will be a 6-month fixed-term contract. ⏰We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team. 🏡We will set you up to work from home; all employees are given Macbooks and for fully remote workers we will provide extra support for your work-from-home setup. ➕ Plus lots more! 🌈 The application journey has 3 key steps 30-minute call with our Recruiter, Tom 1-hour craft interview where you’ll present a single case study. 1-hour interview covering values & ways of working. To help us understand your skills and experience, we kindly ask that you include both your CV and a portfolio showcasing your work. This process should take around 3-4 weeks - your schedule is really important to us, so we promise to be as flexible as possible! We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo. You can read them here. We’ll only close this role once we have enough applications for the next stage. Please submit your application as soon as possible to make sure you don’t miss out. #LI-TR1 Equal opportunities for everyone Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our blog , 2026 Diversity and Inclusion Report and 2025 Gender Pay Gap Report. We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status. If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊 Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf 🇺🇸 Are you a US Person? * Select... A US Person is defined as someone who: was born in the United States (US) has at least 1 parent who was born in the US is a naturalised citizen of the US is a green card holder is a US tax resident 🔐 Keeping your data safe is really important to us. Please take a look at our Candidate Data Privacy Notice (linked below) and confirm that you have. * Select... 🔗 Candidate Data Privacy Notice . If you’d like to, please share your preferred pronouns (eg. they/them/theirs, she/her/hers). If you'd like to, please spell out your name how it's pronounced so we know how to say it. Please share a link to your updated portfolio (including a password if this is password protected). * 🛂 Please confirm your Right to Work status in the location where this job is advertised. * Select... We legally have to verify that you have the right to work in the location where you'd be working from. Your answer to this question won't affect the outcome of your application, unless you'd need visa sponsorship but are applying to a role we don't sponsor. 👤 Identity survey Our goal at Monzo is to make money work for everyone. To do that, working at Monzo must work for everyone. We want to create an equitable, engaged and innovative workplace which gives people from all backgrounds the support they need to thrive and grow. Making Monzo work for everyone starts right at the beginning of every Monzonaut's journey: when they apply to work here. This demographic survey will help us better understand the people who apply to work at Monzo. It'll help us see how different groups progress through our hiring process, and where we need to make improvements to be more inclusive. If you choose to fill it out, all of the information you give us is: Voluntary . And we've included a "prefer not to say" option for every question. It'd be helpful if you still fill out the survey even if you choose "prefer not to say" for every question, as it's useful for us to understand & record this. We won't know if you choose to fill this survey in or not. Anonymous to Monzo . We can't tie your responses to you and they won't make a difference to the outcome of your application. We'll only use grouped responses for equal opportunities monitoring in our hiring process. For more information on how we'll use this data, please read our candidate privacy notice . By filling out this survey, you agree that we can use your responses for the purposes we've mentioned above. You are not letting us know if we need to make any adjustments to the hiring process because of disability or neurodiversity - to do this please email us. How would you describe your gender identity? Select... Do you identify as transgender? Select... What's your sexual orientation? Select... Do you identify as having a disability? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodivergent? Select... How would your describe your ethnicity? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse