2027 Summer Internship Program – Systematic Trading, London in London, United Kingdom | Graduate Group at Brevan Howard Job Your engaging subtitle goes here. This text should capture attention and provide a brief overview of engaging content that awaits users in this widget. Button skip this widget About Us Who we are Brevan Howard Investment Management is one of the leading absolute return/hedge fund managers, overseeing assets on behalf of institutional investors from around the world, including pension funds, endowments, insurance companies, government agencies, private banks, and fund of funds. Read More Read Less Brevan Howard Investment Management is one of the leading absolute return/hedge fund managers, overseeing assets on behalf of institutional investors from around the world, including pension funds, endowments, insurance companies, government agencies, private banks, and fund of funds. Brevan Howard was founded in 2002 and launched its flagship global macro strategy in April 2003. The firm currently manages over $35bn and engages predominantly in discretionary directional and relative value trading in fixed income, FX markets, and equities. BH Digital, a division within Brevan Howard that manages crypto and digital asset strategies was launched in 2022. The firm currently employs over 1,050 personnel worldwide, including over 400 investment professionals. This global presence gives Brevan Howard the ability to identify and source attractive investment opportunities, as well as investment management talent wherever they may be. Brevan Howard has won several industry awards for excellence in risk management, operational robustness, and investment performance. The firm’s main hubs are in London, Jersey, Geneva, New York, Austin, Hong Kong, Singapore, Abu Dhabi and Bengaluru. Why Join Our Team We combine a dedication to meeting our clients’ needs with a commitment to our people. At Brevan Howard, you will find the dynamism and entrepreneurial spirit of a small firm with the infrastructure, technology and support of a large organisation. We are always looking for exceptional talent to join our global community. From undergraduates to experienced professionals, we look for individuals who are intellectually curious, passionate and share our mission and principles. Diversity and Inclusion Brevan Howard is committed to being an inclusive employer and encourages applications from all suitably qualified individuals without regards to race, colour, religion, origin, age, sexual orientation, physical/mental disability/ long term health condition, marital status, gender expression or any other characteristic protected by law in the jurisdictions we operate. We're sorry… the job you are trying to apply for has been filled. Maybe you would like to consider the Categories below : Search Results Personal Information Career Site Cookie Settings Social Network © 2026 Brevan Howard. All rights reserved. 0829f193c5f9408380ccc7bb990f5676