2027 Advisory Summer Analyst Programme (Munich / London) - Perella Weinberg Partners Skip to content Toggle navigation Login Create Account Home Events Student Opportunities Experienced Opportunities Help Center Login Create Account 2027 Advisory Summer Analyst Programme (Munich / London) Location London, Munich Level Summer Analyst Job description Our Internship Program: Our global internship program is differentiated. We bring together a diverse group of individuals and partner them with our industry experts to provide an unparalleled learning and mentoring experience. We believe the best way to learn is on the job. As a valued member of the team, you will play a meaningful role on projects and gain exposure to clients and senior bankers across the Firm. Our entrepreneurial environment encourages you, like all bankers, to take on an outsized level of responsibility and make an impact. Our goal is to offer interns full-time Analyst positions and ultimately, to provide a career path to Associate and beyond. We consider your career development one of the Firm’s most important investments from day one. Our one-week training program and on-going curriculum will position you to thrive in any situation – whether analytical, relationship-building or client-facing. A collegial, close-knit and collaborative culture is essential. We will provide you with opportunities to develop meaningful relationships and lasting friendships. Your experience is complemented by a formal mentor / buddy program, wellness and volunteer initiatives, and team building events. Throughout the program, we strive to create an inclusive environment that stimulates, rewards, and helps you grow. Your Responsibilities: Analysis and research of company and industry specific financial information Conduct quantitative analysis and financial valuation Create client presentations Engage in due diligence processes Coordinate the execution of advisory mandates as part of a deal team About You: Completing an undergraduate/masters degree between December 2027 – July 2028 Business proficient language skills in English, and German for those interested in the Munich office Historically competitive academic standing Intellectual curiosity and aptitude for problem solving and numerical analysis Thorough grasp of financial concepts A strong work ethic and a high level of personal integrity A positive and collaborative attitude Clear and concise communication skills Desire to take initiative and excel at what you do Deadline: Early application is encouraged. Applications submitted after 1st October are unlikely to be considered. About Perella Weinberg Partners Weinberg is a leading global independent advisory firm, providing strategic and financial advice to a broad client base, including corporations, financial sponsors, governments, and sovereign wealth funds. The Firm offers a wide range of advisory services to clients in some of the most active industry sectors and global markets. With approximately 700 employees, Perella Weinberg currently maintains offices in New York, London, Houston, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Paris, Chicago, Munich, Palm Beach, Denver, Calgary, and Greenwich. For more information on Perella Weinberg Partners, please visit: http://www.pwpartners.com. Perella Weinberg Partners is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer. It is the policy of the Firm to provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status. Cookie Policy Home What we do Who we are Transactions TPH Investors News © Copyright 2025. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Perella Weinberg Partners LP is a member of FINRA and SIPC . Perella Weinberg UK Limited is authorized and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Perella Weinberg Partners France is authorized and regulated by the ACPR and by the AMF. Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities - Canada, ULC is a Member of the Canadian Investor Protection Fund and the Canadian Investment Regulatory Organization. Powered by