Job Application for Summer 2027 - Investment Internship LDN at Capstone Investment Advisors Back to jobs New Summer 2027 - Investment Internship LDN London Apply We see the world differently at Capstone Investment Advisors. You will, too. Capstone is a global, alternative investment management firm operating across a broad range of derivatives-based strategies with a deep understanding of volatility. With approximately $14.6 billion of AUM and 315 employees (as of September 1, 2026, Capstone was formed in 2007 and is headquartered in New York with offices in London, Amsterdam, Tokyo, California, Stamford, Boston, and Milan. At Capstone, we constantly aim to expand our view of how WE SEE THE WORLD DIFFERENTLY® in order to create opportunity. Our commitment to provoking the evolution of asset management provides us with a perpetual hunger for knowledge that we believe drives the improvement of our particular approach to investment. We seek to harness the complexities of global derivatives markets with disciplined strategic insight, an experienced, accomplished team and advanced technology to create sustainable value. We’ve created a particular approach to investment that we believe drives continuous improvement and opportunities for our clients, team and industry. Overview: Capstone’s 2027 Summer Internship is a ten-week program designed to provide practical exposure to the firm’s investment activities and working environment. Interns are expected to support an investment pod and complete a defined project intended to provide a meaningful learning experience while addressing a relevant business need. We are seeking intellectually curious, analytical, and motivated candidates with a demonstrated interest in financial markets and investment management. Interns may gain exposure to investment research, market analysis, quantitative methods, automation and the day-to-day activities of their assigned team. Potential pod placements may include Sovereign Rates Relative Value, Global Equity Volatility, Quantitative Strategies, Convertible Bond Arbitrage, and Equity Capital Markets, among others. Placement, responsibilities, project scope, and exposure will be determined based on business needs, team capacity, and candidate experience and may vary by location and over the course of the program. Our future colleague has these skills: Current enrollment in a bachelor’s or master’s degree program in a quantitative discipline, such as Economics, Econometrics, Finance, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, or a related field. Proficiency in Python and/or Java, including the ability to apply programming skills to data analysis, quantitative problem-solving, or similar technical work. Strong learning agility, intellectual curiosity, and the ability to contribute effectively in a collaborative, team-oriented environment. Clear written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to explain technical concepts to both technical and non-technical colleagues. A professional, accountable approach to work and an ability to collaborate in a manner consistent with the firm’s culture and values. Do you possess these Bonus Skills: Prior internship, academic, or professional experience within financial services, investment management, or a related field is preferred. Intellectual curiosity, the openness to share ideas, humility, the highest ethical standards and a desire to excel are a few of the traits that it takes to thrive and be your best self at Capstone. To thrive at Capstone, a keen curiosity about technology and artificial intelligence is essential, as we continually drive innovation and enhance our strategic capabilities. Benefits and Compensation Information: Our team is our most important asset and investment. We value and respect our colleagues and their well-being inside and outside the workplace and our culture reflects this. The applicable hourly range for this role is $29.00 - $40.00/hr USD. The hourly pay offered will be determined on factors such as experience, skills, training, location, certifications, education, and any applicable minimum wage requirements. Decisions will be determined on a case-by-case basis. Equal Opportunity Employer: Capstone is committed to creating an inclusive environment where we welcome people of different backgrounds. Capstone considers applications for employment without regard to all applicable protected characteristics, including race, color, religion, ethnicity, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, parental status, veteran status, or disability status. To learn even more about being part of the team, visit us online: Careers - Capstone (capstoneco.com) Don’t forget to follow us on LinkedIn Create a Job Alert Interested in building your career at Capstone Investment Advisors? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email. Create alert Apply for this job * indicates a required field Autofill my application First Name * Last Name * Preferred First Name Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) Locate me Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Education School Select... Degree Select... Discipline Select... Start date month Select... Start date year * End date month Select... End date year * Add another Are you currently authorized to work in the United States? * Select... Will you require sponsorship in the future to continue working in the United States? * Select... Are you willing to work in office 5 days a week? * Select... What is your GPA? * Select... If you are currently completing your master’s degree did you have a full time position between Undergraduate degree and your Masters? * Select... What semester are you on track to graduate? * Select... What coding language(s) are you proficient in? * Python Java C++ C# Other None What’s one way AI has improved efficiency in your work?​ * What motivated you to apply for this internship, and what do you hope to gain from the experience? * How did you hear about this job? * Select... Voluntary Self-Identification For government reporting purposes, we ask candidates to respond to the below self-identification survey. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. As set forth in Capstone Investment Advisors’s Equal Employment Opportunity policy, we do not discriminate on the basis of any protected group status under any applicable law. Gender Select... Are you Hispanic/Latino? Select... Race & Ethnicity Definitions If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows: A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability. A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service. An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense. An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985. Veteran Status Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse