Automotive Consulting Skip to main content We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand Learn More search Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search Highlights Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search search Highlights menu close Automotive // . // Industries // Automotive What We Do What We Think Breakthroughs Solutions Who We Are What We Do Oliver Wyman supports leading auto manufacturers and suppliers worldwide as they develop and operationalize profitable business strategies and master today’s pressing digital challenges. We help auto companies generate more value for their customers, increase their potential with new business models, innovate and optimize products and operations, and develop their brands. We support suppliers with strategic problem-solving and innovation, development, and cost-cutting programs. Our broad experience allows us to also support wholesalers, car importers, and service providers, as well as private equity companies and investment banks in the auto industry. Original Equipment Manufacturer Expertise Product Development Auto manufacturers can differentiate themselves through new technology, but research and development is expensive. Procurement Today, parts, modules, and systems from suppliers are responsible for about 60 percent of the typical added value of a car. Manufacturing And Assembly Efficiency and quality are the main goals of automotive manufacturers. Like revenue, the added value in production will increase in upcoming years. Sales And Distribution An average automotive customer will spend around EUR 300,000 on automotive mobility during his lifetime. Mobility Services The automotive industry is shifting from being product-centric and asset driven, becoming a more service-oriented industry. Complexity Management Caught between customer expectations and portfolio legacy, next-level complexity management has become a prerequisite for transformation of automotive companies. Supplier Expertise Procurement Oliver Wyman has extensive expertise in reducing product costs across nearly all vehicle components. Strategic Transformation, Growth, And Restructuring Suppliers need to constantly re-think and transform their business design in order to stay competitive. Oliver Wyman is here to help. Manufacturing Strategy Excellence in manufacturing operations is a prerequisite for profitability in the automotive supplier segment. Organizational Development Suppliers need to adapt their organizational structure to their growing size and level of complexity as well as to evolving industry requirements. Product Development Oliver Wyman has a broad range of experience with research and development projects for automotive suppliers and engineering services providers. What We Think Load More We are sorry, we could not find any results. Please refine your search and try again. Who We Are Marc Boilard Partner Fabian Brandt Partner and Market Leader, Germany and Austria August Joas Partner Andreas Nienhaus Partner, Automotive and Mobility, Private Capital, and Climate and Sustainability Simon Schnurrer Partner and Sector Lead Automotive Lars Stolz Partner, Global Head of Performance Transformation Frederic Ozeir Partner and IMEA Head of Automotive and Manufacturing Industries Bitan Datta Partner Footer XF Risk and insurance Reinsurance and capital People and investments Management consulting We're a global professional service firm bringing together capabilities across risk, reinsurance and capital, people and investments, and management consulting — building the confidence to thrive through the power of perspective. Terms Of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Statement On Accessibility Manage Cookies © 2026 Oliver Wyman, LLC. All Rights Reserved.