Vacancy details - Royal Bank of Canada Skip to content Home Login Register Search vacancies Help Help centre Cookie policy Privacy statement Terms of use Vacancy details Details 2027 Summer Analyst - Corporate Banking Vacancy type Campus Role Summer Analyst Programme Corporate Banking Location London Intake Year 2027 Description 2027 Summer Analyst – Corporate Banking Application Deadline: Rolling; early application recommended. Please note you can only apply to one vacancy per intake year. Royal Bank of Canada is a premier investment bank that provides a focused set of products and services to institutions, corporations, governments and high net worth clients in over 100 countries. We understand that the first steps in any career in finance are critical. With that in mind, we have the right formula to provide you with the opportunities and professional development you need to turn those first steps into a rewarding career. You'll be part of a company with a superior financial track record, credit rating and reputation. In fact, we maintained a high credit rating throughout the financial crisis. Interns will gain hands-on experience within our Corporate Banking function and receive career-building mentorship. Successful applicants will get exposure to many areas suited to the interests of driven and focused students. We are committed to hiring the best students as we understand the value of growing talent from within the Summer Intern Programme and the significance that this diversity brings to our workforce. Programme details: As a Summer Intern you will be placed within a key area of our Corporate Banking division to develop an insight into the responsibilities of a full-time Analyst. You will gain valuable exposure to the operations of a major international investment bank, as well as the hands-on experience you need to kick-start your career. Develop a deep credit, structuring and execution skillset across various industry verticals, spanning a wide range of transaction types, and covering the entire ratings gamut from investment grade corporates, small/mid-market leveraged situations and private equity funds Play an integral part in a growing and dynamic team with strong deal flow, a collegial and collaborative work environment and a flat structure with an open door policy Direct involvement in and exposure to marquee M&A, LBO, acquisition and related transactions Opportunity to build relationships with various industry and product partners and learn about RBC’s full product suite Position provides a clear career path with significant runway in a team-oriented environment. You will have the opportunity to take on increasing responsibility, work directly with MDs and earn recognition for your successes Learning from experience: During the course of the programme, Summer Interns are given various projects to complete which may include: Participate in the due diligence process for new financing transactions by analysing company filings, financial statements, diligence reports, equity / credit research, etc., as well as attending management presentations and diligence calls Assist with the preparation of internal credit presentations and related credit submission documentation. This will involve producing detailed written credit analyses and working with integrated financial models to assess the creditworthiness of new and existing clients Analyse companies’ business models, financial projections, deal structures, industry dynamics and investment merits through direct collaboration with peers from Investment Banking, Leveraged Finance, Risk Management and various other internal product partners Support senior team members in various ad-hoc and recurring initiatives such as portfolio management, administration and reporting, pipeline management and annual budgeting, as well as other special projects as needed. Provision of financing to institutional backed private equity funds of global asset managers, covering corporate buyout, real estate, infrastructure, credit, secondaries and fund of fund strategies. Liaise with back and middle office functions to set up transactions on various internal systems. Training & Development You will be supported and developed in numerous ways throughout the programme including: Classroom based training covering commercial and industry knowledge Speaker Series - regular information sessions delivered by our sector and product leadership On the job training Buddy programme Networking and shadowing opportunities Social events with the wider 2027 Capital Markets cohort You will receive mid and end-of-summer reviews as well as constructive feedback from your manager throughout your placement. Great care and resources have been devoted to ensure that at the end of the programme you have a solid understanding of the elements necessary for a successful career in the Corporate Banking function. What do we look for? We look for diverse individuals with outstanding academic records, proven analytical skills, a demonstrated interest in finance and a history of participation in extracurricular activities. Other essential qualities we look for include strong oral and written communication skills, proven leadership capabilities, initiative, and the ability to play a key role as a team member in a fast-paced and challenging work environment. Fluency in a second European language is not required, but would be an advantage. Apply Privacy statement Opens in new window | Terms of use Opens in new window | Accessibility Opens in new window | Manage cookies © 2026 | v7.0.401.0 Opens in new window