Job Application for Senior Data Scientist, Payment Intelligence at GoCardless Back to jobs Senior Data Scientist, Payment Intelligence London, UK Apply About us GoCardless, a Mollie company, is a global leader in bank payments. Over 100,000 businesses, from start-ups to household names, use GoCardless to collect, manage and send bank payments through Direct Debit, real-time payments and open banking. With US$130bn+ processed annually across 30+ countries, we handle recurring and one-off payments without the chasing, stress, or expensive fees. Our end-to-end payment platform also features AI-powered solutions to improve payment success and reduce fraud, alongside connections to over 350 platforms businesses use everyday. We are headquartered in the UK, with teams and operations spanning North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific. For more information, please visit www.gocardless.com and follow us on LinkedIn @GoCardless. Mollie is the leading payments and financial services partner for business, rooted in Europe, with global reach. The role Data sits at the core of our mission. We leverage bank account data to deliver high-value, intelligent payment solutions for our customers, from enhancing payment success rates to driving payer fraud prevention. As a Senior Data Scientist within our Payment Intelligence team, you’ll partner with Software Engineers, Product Managers, and Designers to turn big ideas into reality. You’ll own the full lifecycle of our algorithms, shaping everything from the initial concept to production-ready code that powers our global payment network. At GoCardless, our stack is centered around Google Cloud Platform and Vertex AI, providing a high-performance environment for innovation. Our Data Scientists operate at the intersection of Python, SQL, and BigQuery to build and deploy high-performance models at scale. What you’ll do Lead the end-to-end delivery of models at scale, from initial discovery and feature engineering to production, A/B testing and continuous monitoring. Collaborate with product and engineering peers to turn complex data into real-time, mission-critical fraud prevention solutions. Raise the team’s collective bar through hands-on technical leadership and knowledge sharing. Proactively research and integrate latest developments in ML and payer fraud prevention to drive innovation at GoCardless. What excites you Being a self-starter who thrives on taking a vague business problem and owning the journey from the first prototype to a live, measurable solution. An opportunity to introduce and scale advanced architectures to solve high-stakes fraud and payment challenges. Moving beyond execution to help define the technical roadmap for Payer Fraud Prevention, ensuring we leverage the best tools for the job. Building production-grade ML models on a streamlined GCP and Vertex AI stack to drive fintech innovation. What excites us You hold a degree (or PhD) in a STEM discipline or an equivalent commercial experience. You bring hands-on experience with sophisticated architectures, such as deep learning, graph-based, or sequence-based models (experience in Fintech, Fraud Prevention, or Payments is a big plus). You can translate complex ML concepts into practical product solutions and communicate these ideas clearly to non-technical peers. You are comfortable owning the full lifecycle, from deep-dive analysis and feature engineering to prototyping, validation, and live A/B testing. You lead by example, writing clean, high-quality code and raising the team’s technical bar through knowledge sharing and code best practices. Base salary range: £99,200 - £148,800 Base salary ranges are based on role, job level, location, and market data. Please note that whilst we strive to offer competitive compensation, our approach is to pay between the minimum and the mid-point of the pay range until performance can be assessed in role. Offers will take into account level of experience, interview assessment, budgets and parity between you and fellow employees at GoCardless doing similar work. (some of) The good stuff Wellbeing - stay healthy with dedicated support and medical cover Work away scheme - gives you the option to work away from your country of residence for up to 90 days in any 12 month period Adaptive Working - allows you to work flexibly, around your lifestyle Parental leave - to suit everyone embarking on life's great adventure Learning Budget - lead your own development with an annual learning budget Time off - generous holiday allowance, + 3 annual volunteer days, + 4 annual business-wide wellness days (‘GC Fridays’) Life at GoCardless We're an organisation defined by our values ; We start with why before we begin any project, to ensure it’s aligned with our mission. We act with integrity , always. We care deeply about what we do and we know it's essential that we be humble whilst we do it. Working this way creates the GC magic- the reason we all love showing up to work. Diversity & Inclusion As of April 2025, we had 806 employees (GeeCees) globally, with 524 based in the UK, 163 based in Latvia and 119 across our other offices. To ensure that we're representative of the world around us - and to be able to review relevant benchmarks - we ask GeeCees to voluntarily disclose diversity data. This year, the proportion of GeeCees providing data increased to 88% (up from 79% in 2024). With regards to diversity within GoCardless, we can see GeeCees identifying as: Asian, Black, Mixed or Other — 25% Neurodiverse — 9% LGBTQIA+ — 9% Disabled — 1% Average age — 33 Female — 45% Male — 55% We’re rooting for you during your application and GoCardless aims to provide reasonable adjustments to make our recruitment process as remarkable and accessible as we can. Please speak to your Talent Partner if you need extra support. If you want to learn more, you can read about our Employee Resource Groups and objectives here Sustainability We’re committed to reducing our impact on the environment, leaving a more sustainable world for future generations. Check out our sustainability action plan here. Find out more about Life at GoCardless via Twitter , Instagram and LinkedIn . Create a Job Alert Interested in building your career at GoCardless? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email. Create alert Apply for this job * indicates a required field Autofill my application First Name * Last Name * Preferred First Name Email * Phone Country Phone Resume/CV Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Your privacy at GoCardless * Select... You share personal data with us which we use for our recruitment program. Read more about it in our recruitment privacy notice. Would you need us to sponsor a work visa? * Select... Pay range transparency * Select... At GoCardless we’re committed to fostering an inclusive and high-performance culture built on trust and transparency. To ensure you have a clear understanding of the compensation and potential growth for this opportunity, we’ve shared the full base salary pay range for this role. Please note, our approach is to offer salaries between the minimum and mid-point of the range. We want to manage expectations from the start, and if your application is successful you can discuss any questions around the pay range and salary with your Talent Partner. Would you be open to commuting to our office once a week? * Select... UNITED KINGDOM - Demographic Questions We're committed to making GoCardless a place where everybody can thrive regardless of their background. Championing a diverse, inclusive workplace underpins our mission to build the world’s bank payment network. We continually measure our efforts to ensure we're on track, and that's where you can help. The questions below are optional but we'd appreciate you answering them. It's completely anonymous so your answers CANNOT be linked to you individually. They also don't have any impact on the hiring decisions we make. Want to find out more about D&I at GC? Take a look here . Which gender do you identify as? Select... What race/ethnicity do you identify as? Select... Which of the following best describes your sexual orientation? Select... How old are you? Select... What is your highest level of education? Select... Do you consider yourself disabled? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodiverse? Select... Is your gender identity the same as the sex you were assigned at birth? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse