Manage Cookie Consent We use cookies to improve your experience. Consent allows us to process data like browsing behaviour. Without consent, some features may not work properly. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Cookie Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences Opt-out preferences Privacy Statement {title} Skip to content Trackers Browse Trackers UK Finance UK Tech UK Law UK Engineering US Finance US Tech France Finance Italy Finance Germany Finance Hong Kong Finance Premium Trackr Premium My Premium Career Hub Your CV’s & AI Reviews CV Review Group Chats CV Template Guides & Resources Academy About What we do Team Contact Trackers Browse Trackers UK Finance UK Tech UK Law UK Engineering US Finance US Tech France Finance Italy Finance Germany Finance Hong Kong Finance Premium Trackr Premium My Premium Career Hub Your CV’s & AI Reviews CV Review Group Chats CV Template Guides & Resources Academy About What we do Team Contact Employers Account Trackers Browse Trackers UK Finance UK Tech UK Law UK Engineering US Finance US Tech France Finance Italy Finance Germany Finance Hong Kong Finance Premium Trackr Premium My Premium Career Hub Your CV’s & AI Reviews CV Review Group Chats CV Template Guides & Resources Academy About What we do Team Contact Trackers Browse Trackers UK Finance UK Tech UK Law UK Engineering US Finance US Tech France Finance Italy Finance Germany Finance Hong Kong Finance Premium Trackr Premium My Premium Career Hub Your CV’s & AI Reviews CV Review Group Chats CV Template Guides & Resources Academy About What we do Team Contact Employers Account Account Trackers Browse Trackers UK Finance UK Tech UK Law UK Engineering US Finance US Tech France Finance Italy Finance Germany Finance Hong Kong Finance Premium Trackr Premium My Premium Career Hub Your CV’s & AI Reviews CV Review Group Chats CV Template Guides & Resources Academy About What we do Team Contact Trackers Browse Trackers UK Finance UK Tech UK Law UK Engineering US Finance US Tech France Finance Italy Finance Germany Finance Hong Kong Finance Premium Trackr Premium My Premium Career Hub Your CV’s & AI Reviews CV Review Group Chats CV Template Guides & Resources Academy About What we do Team Contact All Posts Templates Trackr CV Template by Trackr July 8, 2026 68,899 Download CV Template At Trackr, we’ve conducted over 700 CV reviews , and one issue comes up time and time again: students using poorly formatted or unsuitable resume templates. In investment banking and financial services, attention to detail is everything. If you’re using a template with formatting issues or unnecessary sections, you risk having your resume thrown out before they even read it. This CV template is optimal for all roles across finance, including investment banking, sales & trading, asset management, private equity, hedge funds, consulting, equity research, wealth management and audit. This template has been ATS-checked, ensuring that your application isn’t rejected by automated filters. Whether you’re applying for a spring week, summer internship, off-cycle internship, graduate scheme, or a 12-month industrial placement, this template is suitable for all. The template is just the starting point. Read more on how to write a CV effectively in our CV guide . What’s Included in the Template? The CV is structured into four core sections: 1 Education While you’re still a student, the Education section should appear at the top of your CV. Make sure to include your university and high school, along with your average university grade and A-Level (or equivalent) results. You don’t need to include GCSE grades when applying for undergraduate opportunities. Only list modules if they’re directly relevant to the role you’re applying for, or if you need to fill more space on your CV. You may also mention society involvements here, especially if it doesn’t warrant a full entry in the Extracurricular Activities section. 2 Work Experience This section should highlight any relevant experience such as internship, spring weeks, and work experience programmes. You should also include non-relevant paid work (e.g. working at Starbucks). List your experiences in reverse-chronological order and always prioritise relevant experience over non-relevant roles. Avoid including university societies, volunteering or online courses here. Those should go in your Extracurricular Activities or Additional Information sections instead. Each experience header uses text boxes to ensure consistent alignment and formatting. Refer to the second page of the template file to see how to create or delete experiences. We have provided sample bullet points for internships, spring weeks, insight days and non-relevant experiences so you can see how these bullet points should look. 3 Extracurricular Activities This section should include any society involvements, volunteering, and online courses you’ve completed. If you’re a first-year student, it’s common to have more entries in this section. However, as you gain more relevant experience, you should reduce the content in this section and prioritise space for internships. 4 Skills & Interests This section is used to highlight other useful information that wasn’t included elsewhere, most notably your languages, technical skills and interests. How to use the Trackr CV Template? Download the Trackr CV Template in .docx format here. Replace the header text with your own name, phone number, email address and LinkedIn hyperlink. Replace the filler content with your own experiences and bullet points. Follow the same bullet point format. Delete the second page of the template. Save as a .pdf file with the name “[First Name]_[Last Name]_CV.pdf”. Trackr CV Template Download Ensure that you are viewing the template on desktop/laptop. You can download the Trackr CV template here: Download CV Template Microsoft Word (.docx) format If you’re looking for a comprehensive CV review from working professionals who received 10+ offers each, check out our Trackr CV Review service . Trackr Premium Applying early has never been so important. Get your CV to the top of the pile with instant notifications of new openings to your phone. See more Other Resources Spring Weeks Season Insights 2026 US Finance Summer 2028 Internship Timeline: When Applications Open Spring Week Timeline 2027: When UK Finance Firms Open Applications Summer 2027 Internship Timeline: When 142 UK Finance and Consulting Firms Open Applications Send Us A Message Full Name Email Message Send Next2025 Spring Weeks Season InsightNext Related Articles Summer 2027 Internship Timeline: When 142 UK Finance and Consulting Firms Open Applications Applications for Summer 2027 internships open far earlier than most students expect, and the first ones are already live. Here's Guides How to Break into Consulting: Applications, CVs, Cover Letters and Online Tests Krish Lakhani Incoming MBB Consultant The views expressed are my own and do not represent those Guides What is Consulting, Types of Consulting and the Top Firms Explained Krish Lakhani Incoming MBB Consultant The views expressed are my own and do not represent those Guides Spring Weeks Season Insights 2026 Half of all spring week applicants finished the 2026 cycle with no offers, and conversion into summer internships fell to Season Reports US Finance Summer 2028 Internship Timeline: When Applications Open US summer analyst recruiting starts roughly eighteen months before the internship begins, and Summer 2028 applications are already live. Here's Guides Spring Week Timeline 2027: When UK Finance Firms Open Applications Spring weeks are the earliest route into a finance career, and applications open sooner than almost anyone expects. Here's when Guides Summer 2027 Internship Timeline: When 142 UK Finance and Consulting Firms Open Applications Applications for Summer 2027 internships open far earlier than most students expect, and the first ones are already live. Here's Guides How to Break into Consulting: Applications, CVs, Cover Letters and Online Tests Krish Lakhani Incoming MBB Consultant The views expressed are my own and do not represent those Guides What is Consulting, Types of Consulting and the Top Firms Explained Krish Lakhani Incoming MBB Consultant The views expressed are my own and do not represent those Guides Spring Weeks Season Insights 2026 Half of all spring week applicants finished the 2026 cycle with no offers, and conversion into summer internships fell to Season Reports US Finance Summer 2028 Internship Timeline: When Applications Open US summer analyst recruiting starts roughly eighteen months before the internship begins, and Summer 2028 applications are already live. Here's Guides Spring Week Timeline 2027: When UK Finance Firms Open Applications Spring weeks are the earliest route into a finance career, and applications open sooner than almost anyone expects. Here's when Guides Leading Application Trackers.Exclusive Opportunities. Linkedin tiktok Resources Trackers CV Review CV Template Trackr Academy Resource Hub Quick Links Premium Group Chats Employers About Sitemap Get In Touch +44 7405 557020 info@the-trackr.com Inquire now Terms of Use Privacy Policy Legal Hub © 2026 All Rights Reserved. Manage Cookie consent Manage Cookie consent Browse TrackersUKUK FinanceUK TechUK LawUK EngineeringUSUS FinanceUS TechGlobalFrance FinanceGermany FinanceItaly FinanceHong Kong FinanceTrackr PremiumInstant alerts for new roles.My PremiumManage your plan and billing.Your CV’s & AI ReviewsExpert line-by-line CV feedback.CV ReviewExpert line-by-line CV feedback.Group ChatsFree communities to discuss applications.CV TemplateA proven, ATS-friendly starting point.Guides & ResourcesGuides, tips, and application insights.What we doOur mission and platform.TeamThe people behind Trackr.ContactGet in touch with the team. TrackersBrowse TrackersUKUK FinanceUK TechUK LawUK EngineeringUSUS FinanceUS TechGlobalFrance FinanceGermany FinanceItaly FinanceHong Kong FinancePremiumTrackr PremiumMy PremiumCareer HubYour CV’s & AI ReviewsCV ReviewGroup ChatsCV TemplateGuides & ResourcesAcademyAboutWhat we doTeamContactEmployersAccount