Innovative Health Solutions With Oliver Wyman Health Skip to main content We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand Learn More search Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search Highlights Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search search Highlights menu close Oliver Wyman Health Transforming healthcare through the relentless pursuit of a better way // . // Our Expertise // Oliver Wyman Health Filter Health and Life Sciences Themes Climate and Health Government Programs Healthcare Life Sciences Payers Providers Climate Action Consumers Cost Management Customer First Cyber Data and Artificial Intelligence Digital Bytes Harnessing Risk Healthcare Reform Industry Transformation Inflation Innovation Leadership OWHIC Scenario Modeling Supply Chain The AI revolution The C‑suite growth agenda The changing global business order The dealmaker's edge Trade Policies Transformation Workforce and Talent Filter Health and Life Sciences Climate and Health Government Programs Healthcare Life Sciences Payers Providers Themes Climate Action Consumers Cost Management Customer First Cyber Data and Artificial Intelligence Digital Bytes Harnessing Risk Healthcare Reform Industry Transformation Inflation Innovation Leadership OWHIC Scenario Modeling Supply Chain The AI revolution The C‑suite growth agenda The changing global business order The dealmaker's edge Trade Policies Transformation Workforce and Talent Clear All Load More We are sorry, we could not find any results. Please refine your search and try again. Oliver Wyman Health Newsletter Podcasts See More We are sorry, we could not find any results. Please refine your search and try again. Oliver Wyman Health Newsletter Oliver Wyman Health is a virtual community of innovators convened by the Health and Life Sciences practice of global management consulting firm Oliver Wyman. As healthcare changes and leaders look for direction, guidance, and new ideas, Oliver Wyman Health offers a digital platform for diffusing proven value-based solutions. Our in-house team of experts as well as a range of external thought leaders provide practical insights on the business challenges of transforming healthcare. You've joined the revolution to transform healthcare. Now help lead it. Subscribe Have a question? Send your direct media inquiries to Hayley Reta , Head of Marketing, Health and Life Sciences Want to contribute? Send your ideas to Matthew Weinstock , Senior Editor, Health and Life Sciences Want to know more? Follow us on Twitter @OWHealthEditor Footer XF Risk and insurance Reinsurance and capital People and investments Management consulting We're a global professional service firm bringing together capabilities across risk, reinsurance and capital, people and investments, and management consulting — building the confidence to thrive through the power of perspective. Terms Of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Statement On Accessibility Manage Cookies © 2026 Oliver Wyman, LLC. All Rights Reserved.