Customer Innovation Powering Sustainable Business Growth Skip to main content We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand Learn More search Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search Highlights Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search search Highlights menu close Customer Innovation And Growth // . // Capabilities // Customer Innovation And Growth What We Do What We Think Breakthroughs Solutions Who We Are What We Do Organizations can accelerate growth by placing customers at the heart of their strategy and enabling innovation that drives results. Our Customer, Innovation, and Growth teams unlock potential by reimagining what’s possible — helping our clients re-energize existing offerings, create new sources of value, and pioneer fresh business models. Drawing on cross-industry expertise, digital platforms, advanced analytics, and a passion for experimentation, we guide businesses with an eye on staying ahead in a rapidly evolving marketplace. Whether by transforming commercial models, enhancing customer experiences, or building entirely new ventures, we help our clients set bold ambitions and achieve them — delivering measurable growth and lasting impact for businesses and their customers alike. Our expertise Pricing, Sales, And Marketing Helping organizations unlock growth by combining data-driven customer insights with technology, enabling faster commercial decisions and smarter go-to-market strategy for lasting competitive advantage. Customer First Designing bold, pragmatic strategies that meet evolving customer needs, accelerate innovation, and deliver breakthrough value — even amid rapid disruption. Creating New Digital Ventures Driving long-term value through digital business building — identifying market shifts, reimagining value, and creating new ventures, products, and experiences for the future. Payments And Digital Economy Drawing on deep payments expertise from years of work with banks, merchants, networks, fintechs, processors, and investors in driving for impact for our clients in payments. Brand Strategy And Activation Lippincott, an Oliver Wyman business, builds brands to emotionally connect and remain relevant in shifting markets. Wherever you are in your brand journey, we’re here to help. What We Think Load More We are sorry, we could not find any results. Please refine your search and try again. Who We Are Load More We are sorry, we could not find any results. Please refine your search and try again. Footer XF Risk and insurance Reinsurance and capital People and investments Management consulting We're a global professional service firm bringing together capabilities across risk, reinsurance and capital, people and investments, and management consulting — building the confidence to thrive through the power of perspective. Terms Of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Statement On Accessibility Manage Cookies © 2026 Oliver Wyman, LLC. All Rights Reserved.