Undergraduate opportunities | Early Careers | PwC UK Careers Skip to content Skip to footer Early careers Experienced careers Flexible or contractor careers Working at PwC Our people, their stories. More Search Menu Early careers Early careers Applying and FAQs Employability hub Entry level Graduate Our events Our job search Training and development Undergraduate Menu Early careers Applying and FAQs Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessment and selection process Do you need immigration authorisation to work in the UK? FAQs The behaviours we look for Menu Early careers Employability hub Menu Early careers Entry level Entry level programmes Flying Start degree programmes New World. New Skills. Virtual Insight Programme Menu Early careers Graduate Advisory and Consulting Audit, Accounting, Tax and Finance Legal Services Strategy Technology and AI Menu Early careers Our events Virtual Classroom Menu Early careers Our job search Menu Early careers Training and development Menu Early careers Undergraduate Diversity Programmes Legal Summer Vacation Scheme Summer Internship Undergraduate Work Placement Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Experienced careers Experienced careers Application support Careers toolkit Partner recruitment Search all jobs Menu Experienced careers Application support Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessments - what to expect Our application experience PwC sponsorship and working permits Recruitment agencies The behaviours we look for Menu Experienced careers Careers toolkit Menu Experienced careers Partner recruitment Menu Experienced careers Search all jobs Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Flexible careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible careers Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Working at PwC Working at PwC Career development Discover our UK offices Inclusion Our business areas Our people. Their stories Reward and benefits Wellbeing at PwC Menu Working at PwC Career development Menu Working at PwC Discover our UK offices Menu Working at PwC Inclusion Menu Working at PwC Our business areas Actuarial Audit Business Solutions Consulting Deals Legal Operate Tax Technology Menu Working at PwC Our people. Their stories Menu Working at PwC Reward and benefits Menu Working at PwC Wellbeing at PwC Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Our people, their stories. Our people, their stories. Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Loading Results No Match Found View All Results Explore early careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Events Applying and FAQs Employability Hub More Explore early careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Events Applying and FAQs Employability Hub Fast-track your future with real-world business experience Undergraduate opportunities at PwC Why choose an undergraduate programme at PwC? If you’d like to get some experience of working life, there’s no better place to start than PwC. The sheer range of opportunities we offer to undergraduates, the breadth of work we do, and the diversity of our global client base all add up to an invaluable introduction to the world of business. Whether you spend three days with us or 11 months, the skills you learn, the confidence you develop, the networks you build, and the insight you gain will stay with you long after. It’s an experience that will help you see your future career opportunities ahead more clearly and explore your full potential. There’s a strong chance that you’ll learn things that will help with the rest of your degree. And a big opportunity to secure a full-time job offer for when you graduate. Undergraduate programmes and internships Diversity programmes Three-day discovery programmes for undergraduates from under-represented groups. For students in the first year of a three-year degree or the second year of a four-year degree. Applications are currently closed Summer internship A paid internship, lasting four to eight weeks, for undergraduates. For students in the penultimate year of a degree, or in the final year of study with a one-year postgraduate degree place confirmed. Applications are currently closed Undergraduate work placement A paid, 11-month programme for undergraduates whose degree requires a placement. For students in their second year on a four-year degree expecting to do a work placement in the third year. Applications are currently closed Legal Summer Vacation Scheme Our two-week paid Legal Summer Vacation Scheme is the principal route towards securing a training contract with us. For penultimate year onwards Law degree students or final year onwards for those on a non-Law degree. Applications are closed < Back < Back [+] Read More Frequently asked questions What undergraduate roles do you offer? For undergraduates, we offer diversity programmes for first-year students, and summer internships and undergraduate work placements for students in their penultimate year. Does PwC offer paid work experience in the summer? We offer summer internships for those in their penultimate year of study. Can an undergraduate programme lead to a graduate job? Many undergraduate programmes provide a potential pathway to a full‑time graduate role, subject to performance and business need. Can I apply for more than one undergraduate programme? No. For student recruitment, you’re restricted to one application per intake year. This means you’ll need to choose the programme that interests you most. If you want to be considered for a different opportunity, you’ll need to withdraw your application and wait until the following intake year to apply again. I’m a first year student, what opportunities are available to me? Women in Business - During this three-day paid programme you’ll get an insight into what a career at PwC could look like. You’ll meet mentors and buddies who’ll represent the variety of opportunities available across PwC. You’ll meet some of our female colleagues to hear about their own personal career journeys, as well as from some of our networks focussed on Inclusion and Diversity. Black Talent in Business - During this three-day paid programme you’ll get an insight into what a career at PwC could look like, you’ll meet mentors and buddies who’ll represent the variety of opportunities available across PwC. You’ll meet some of our Black colleagues to hear about their own personal career journeys, as well as from some of our networks focussed on Inclusion and Diversity. Advancing Social Mobility programme - This opportunity is aimed primarily at inspiring and supporting students from a lower socio-economic background seeking an experience in professional services as part of our commitment to improve socio-economic diversity across the organisation. The programme focuses on developing confidence and skills providing an insight into the opportunities available at PwC. I’m a penultimate year student, what opportunities are available to me? Summer internships - Build your skills and confidence by working alongside specialists in your chosen business during the summer. You'll get a real taste of life at the heart of PwC, working alongside graduates and experienced professionals on live and interesting client projects. You’ll be doing real work on real clients so be prepared to get stuck in. I’m a final year student, what opportunities are available to me? Graduate jobs - Be part of the world’s leading professional services network and enjoy the benefits that come with that. We have a wide range of opportunities across five categories. Follow PwC UK Careers Working at PwC Inclusion Reward and benefits Discover our UK offices Our People. Their Stories. Talent Community Alumni Our Business Actuarial Audit Consulting Deals Business Solutions Legal Operate Risk Tax Technology Early Careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Event search Job search Employability hub Training and development Applying and FAQs Experienced Careers Our job search Careers toolkit Applying Partner Recruitment Flexible and contractor Our job search Flexible careers Contractor careers Join our Talent Community Your account © 2020 - 2026 PwC. All rights reserved. PwC refers to the PwC network and/or one or more of its member firms, each of which is a separate legal entity. Please see www.pwc.com/structure for further details. Privacy Statement Cookies info Legal Disclaimer About Site Provider Provision of Services Diversity Web Accessibility