Job Application for 2027 Graham Capital Summer Internship – London at Graham Capital Management, L.P. Back to jobs New 2027 Graham Capital Summer Internship – London London, England, United Kingdom Apply Graham Capital Management, L.P. (collectively with its affiliates, "Graham") is an alternative investment manager founded in 1994 by Kenneth G. Tropin. Specializing in discretionary and quantitative macro strategies, Graham is dedicated to delivering strong, uncorrelated returns across a wide range of market environments. As one of the industry’s longest-standing global macro and trend-following managers, Graham remains committed to innovation, evolving its strategies through a robust investment, technology, and operational infrastructure. Graham harnesses the synergies between its discretionary and quantitative trading businesses to offer a broad suite of complementary alpha strategies, each built on the principles of thoughtful portfolio construction, active risk management, and diversification by design. Graham invests significant proprietary capital alongside its clients – including global institutions, endowments, foundations, family offices, sovereign wealth funds, investment management advisors, and qualified individual investors – reinforcing alignment of interests across all strategies. The foundation of Graham’s sustainability and success is the experience and contributions of its people. The firm seeks to cultivate talent, encourage the diversity of ideas, and respect the contributions of all. In turn, each employee shares in the responsibility of strengthening those around them. The Internship Program Graham is looking for talented undergraduate and graduate students to join our team as Summer Interns. Graham’s paid internship features a structured program consisting of educational, skill-building and networking events. Learning is the cornerstone of our culture and plays an active role in the internship experience through daily collaboration and interaction with employees at all levels, in workshops, and most significantly by working on projects that matter to the fundamentals of our business. In 2027, Graham will offer in-person internship opportunities in our London office. London interns will participate in both local programming and firmwide internship programming with colleagues and interns across Graham's global offices. Our London office will be looking to hire interns, including but not limited to the following areas: Discretionary Portfolio Management Quantitative Strategies Risk Management Technology Requirements Bachelors, Masters, or PhD candidate with an interest in financial markets, investment management, or the financial services industry Prior to the start of your summer internship at Graham, you must have completed at least two (2) years of undergraduate studies A minimum cumulative GPA of 3.5 Proficiency with Microsoft Office and/or other analytical tools relevant to the internship Strong analytical, problem-solving and critical-thinking skills High degree of intellectual curiosity Ability to communicate effectively in both verbal and written form Well-organized, detail-oriented and able to focus in a dynamic environment Ability to prioritize and manage workload Hard-working, diligent, and eager to learn in an intellectual and collaborative environment Additional Qualifications for Quantitative Roles (typically in Quantitative Strategies, Risk Management, Technology) Working towards a degree in a quantitative field (e.g. computer science, math, engineering, etc.) Programming skills Other This is an in-person internship. Interns are expected to work from their assigned Graham office Monday through Friday for the duration of the program. Create a Job Alert Interested in building your career at Graham Capital Management, L.P.? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email. Create alert Apply for this job * indicates a required field Autofill my application First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf What is your expected graduation date? * Select... What degree are you pursuing? * Select... Are you able to commute into our London office? * Select... Are you authorized to work lawfully in the UK for Graham Capital? * Select... Do you now or in the future require employment visa sponsorship to continue working in the UK? * Select... If you were referred by a Graham Capital employee, please enter their name. If not, write N/A. * Please review Graham's Privacy Notice for Job Applicants below and acknowledge/confirm. * Select... Click here to view Graham's Privacy Notice. In which department(s) are you interested in interning (select all that apply)? * Quantitative Strategies - Systematic Alpha Generation Quantitative Strategies - Quant Trading & Operations Discretionary Portfolio Management Risk Management Investor Services Economic Research Technology - Software Development Technology - IT Support Trading Services - Financial Reporting Legal/Compliance Have you ever applied for Graham employment before? If yes, please list dates and position. * Are you related to anyone now working for Graham or anyone who has previously worked for Graham? If yes, list (name, relationship) * Do you have an immediate family member or domestic partner employed by Ernst & Young, that, to your knowledge, engages in business activities with Graham? If yes, briefly provide details (i.e., family member name, relationship, role). * We use Greenhouse's AI-powered Talent Match tool to compare your application against our job requirements. Click the Learn More link below to find more information about Talent Match. Learn more Submit application Powered by Greenhouse