Undergraduate work placement | PwC UK Careers Skip to content Skip to footer Early careers Experienced careers Flexible or contractor careers Working at PwC Our people, their stories. More Search Menu Early careers Early careers Applying and FAQs Employability hub Entry level Graduate Our events Our job search Training and development Undergraduate Menu Early careers Applying and FAQs Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessment and selection process Do you need immigration authorisation to work in the UK? FAQs The behaviours we look for Menu Early careers Employability hub Menu Early careers Entry level Entry level programmes Flying Start degree programmes New World. New Skills. Virtual Insight Programme Menu Early careers Graduate Advisory and Consulting Audit, Accounting, Tax and Finance Legal Services Strategy Technology and AI Menu Early careers Our events Virtual Classroom Menu Early careers Our job search Menu Early careers Training and development Menu Early careers Undergraduate Diversity Programmes Legal Summer Vacation Scheme Summer Internship Undergraduate Work Placement Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Experienced careers Experienced careers Application support Careers toolkit Partner recruitment Search all jobs Menu Experienced careers Application support Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessments - what to expect Our application experience PwC sponsorship and working permits Recruitment agencies The behaviours we look for Menu Experienced careers Careers toolkit Menu Experienced careers Partner recruitment Menu Experienced careers Search all jobs Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Flexible careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible careers Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Working at PwC Working at PwC Career development Discover our UK offices Inclusion Our business areas Our people. Their stories Reward and benefits Wellbeing at PwC Menu Working at PwC Career development Menu Working at PwC Discover our UK offices Menu Working at PwC Inclusion Menu Working at PwC Our business areas Actuarial Audit Business Solutions Consulting Deals Legal Operate Tax Technology Menu Working at PwC Our people. Their stories Menu Working at PwC Reward and benefits Menu Working at PwC Wellbeing at PwC Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Our people, their stories. Our people, their stories. Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Loading Results No Match Found View All Results Undergraduate work placement For undergraduates looking for a year placement as part of their course Put your learning into practice Duration 11 months These are right for you if you're looking for a year placement Start date Summer 2027 Location Across the UK What you’ll do on the placement If your undergraduate degree includes an industry placement, PwC is a great place to do it. Few organisations deal with such a broad range of clients and sectors. Few organisations offer our scope and scale of professional services or bring together so many different skills and perspectives from across the globe. Few can give you such a unique perspective on the rapidly changing AI-enabled business world. Take one of our 11-month paid placements and you’ll have a real role, working alongside graduate trainees, experienced professionals and industry-leading experts. You’ll learn about our firm, gain exposure to a wide range of clients, work on a number of different projects, build valuable business skills, and gain priceless experience. It’s an exceptional opportunity and a powerful education. What you'll gain Our placements put you at the heart of the action. Contributing to a range of internal and client projects, you’ll be part of a highly skilled team. Experiencing life inside one of the world's largest professional services organisations is a fantastic way to build your commercial awareness and interpersonal skills. It’s also a lot of fun. As you’d expect from a business of this scale, the work can be intense at times. But you’ll have incredible support at every stage and a competitive rewards package to recognise your hard work. These placements are for students in their second year on a four-year degree expecting to do a work placement in the third year and are on track to pass their course. Eligibility is limited to specific subjects in which students are required to carry out research as part of their degree, ensuring they have had the opportunity to practise and develop the research skills needed for the role. Please refer to the list of eligible degree subjects before applying: Business and Management Marketing and Market Research Economics Mathematical and Computational Sciences Modern Languages Psychology and Behavioural Science Social Sciences Media, Communications & Cultural Studies Arts and Humanities Design and UX Our placements are competitive, therefore we encourage interested students to apply early. Our 11-month work placements start in September. Right to work in the UK Any employment offer made by PwC is dependent on you obtaining and maintaining the right to work and reside legally in the UK. Entry requirements and eligibility Eligibility is limited to specific subjects in which students are required to carry out research as part of their degree. We work in a hybrid way, combining the flexibility of remote working with the benefits of in-person collaboration. You'll spend a minimum of three days each week in the office or on client site, where you'll work closely with colleagues and clients and gain practical experience from day one. Office and client-site expectations You'll spend a minimum of three days each week in the office or on client site. Our work placement will give you a comprehensive feel for the challenges of professional services and the chance to work with clients ranging from global corporations to governmental organisations, small enterprises and big brands. Nothing can beat on-the-job experience for personal development. At PwC, you’ll learn new things every day, from your colleagues and our clients. You’ll boost your ability to draw insight from complex information. You’ll grow in understanding and confidence. All these qualities can make a real difference to your last year at university, not to mention your long-term future. You’ll also benefit from extensive training and excellent learning and development opportunities. In addition to our core training modules, you’ll be encouraged to explore our internal training platform to develop the skills you’d like to build. Training and development at PwC Learning and professional development You’ll also benefit from extensive training and excellent learning and development opportunities. < Back < Back [+] Read More This year we have roles in Management Consulting Management Consulting (as a part of Advisory and Consulting) In Management Consulting, we use our understanding of how business works and how technology can create competitive advantage to help clients deliver profitable growth. That might mean helping businesses understand, and create better experiences for, their customers and employees. It might mean optimising financial management, driving operational efficiency, advising on workforce effectiveness or bringing together a range of interrelated projects to deliver broad strategic outcomes. Throughout, you’ll learn how to provide business leaders with the data and insight they need to make smarter decisions. And you’ll develop strategies and solutions that streamline processes, improve productivity and drive business performance. Our assessment and selection process Apply online The first thing you'll need to do is complete your online application carefully, following all the instructions. Online assessment A series of online assessments that measure your cognitive skills, behaviours, natural preferences and reasoning abilities. Video interview The next stage of our assessment process is an on-demand video interview. The questions will focus on how you typically approach your work, for example at school, university or any prior work experience you may have. Assessment centre The last stage of the work placement recruitment process is a virtual immersive assessment centre. Graduate conversion assessment During your undergraduate placement you'll be assessed through your performance and feedback received, if you demonstrate the skills we are looking for you could be offered a graduate job. Learn more about our assessment and selection process Assessment and selection process Employability Hub Interested in an undergraduate work placement? Be the first to hear when applications are open Join our Talent Community Frequently asked questions Do I need to be studying a specific degree to apply? Eligibility is limited to specific subjects in which students are required to carry out research as part of their degree, ensuring they have had the opportunity to practise and develop the research skills needed for the role. Please refer to the list of eligible degree subjects before applying. Is the undergraduate work placement paid? All PwC undergraduate work placements are paid roles. When does the undergraduate work placement start? Placements typically last 11 months and usually begin in September, depending on the business area. Can I apply if I’m not in my second year? These placements are designed for students on four‑year degrees who complete a placement in their third year. Does completing a placement lead to a graduate job? While a placement doesn’t guarantee a graduate role, it provides valuable experience and insight that can support future applications to PwC. Follow PwC UK Careers Working at PwC Inclusion Reward and benefits Discover our UK offices Our People. Their Stories. Talent Community Alumni Our Business Actuarial Audit Consulting Deals Business Solutions Legal Operate Risk Tax Technology Early Careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Event search Job search Employability hub Training and development Applying and FAQs Experienced Careers Our job search Careers toolkit Applying Partner Recruitment Flexible and contractor Our job search Flexible careers Contractor careers Join our Talent Community Your account © 2020 - 2026 PwC. All rights reserved. PwC refers to the PwC network and/or one or more of its member firms, each of which is a separate legal entity. Please see www.pwc.com/structure for further details. Privacy Statement Cookies info Legal Disclaimer About Site Provider Provision of Services Diversity Web Accessibility