Insights | Global All Users | Baillie Gifford Global All users Change Contact us We detected you are in a location which is outside our licensed jurisdictions. Select a user type to view our Global website. If you confirm these details are correct, we'll save this information. The details you select will be saved for 90 days. 01. Your location Global Change Select region Europe, Middle East & Africa Americas Asia Pacific 02. Your user type All users Existing investors I already invest in Baillie Gifford funds. Strategies Insights Private growth investing About us Careers Search Contact us Home Insights Insights Filters Sorted by: Newest to oldest Newest to oldest Oldest to newest Filters Formats Filters Clear all filters Select a format Formats External link (1) Podcast (0) Document (17) Video (8) Article (23) View insights (49) Insights Viewing 49 of 49 Sorted by: Newest to oldest Newest to oldest Oldest to newest Quality’s rough ride How Baillie Gifford thinks about quality at different stages of company growth. September 2026 Article Long Read Why true active management matters more than ever Stuart Dunbar explains why active management matters more than ever today. May 2026 Article 7 minutes AI is coming for your mind AI is reshaping human cognition. What does that mean for workers, companies and society? March 2026 Article Long read Exceptional companies are reaching scale in private markets “Founders today realise they can build a better, more enduring business by staying private for longer,” says Investment Manager Peter Singlehurst, live on Bloomberg Tech. January 2026 External link Unknown quantities Prof Diane Coyle explains why you can’t measure progress with yesterday’s tools. September 2025 Article 5 minutes Ahead of the game: rethinking play’s importance Kelly Clancy makes the case for why play is more important than you might think. September 2024 Article 4 minutes Stock story: Diploma Iain McCombie explores Diploma's journey to distribution excellence September 2024 Video 4 minutes Lessons from a time traveller A journey through time uncovers the deep transitions that can reshape our world. July 2024 Article 2 minutes Stock story: PsiQuantum How one company is finally bringing the boundless possibilities of quantum computing into reach of the wider market. June 2024 Video 3 minutes Stock story: MercadoLibre The company on a mission to democratise ecommerce and finance for 650 million people. May 2024 Video 3 minutes Eating better to save ourselves Tim Spector and Henry Dimbleby on what our diet says about our health and the health of the planet. June 2023 Video 60 minutes AI Superpowers Renowned investor Kai-Fu Lee revisits his prophetic book, five years on. April 2023 Article Making sense of the metaverse Author Matthew Ball on the next-generation internet and the companies building its foundations. February 2023 Article Beauty secrets: sharing Shiseido’s story Masahiko Uotani, CEO of the Japanese cosmetics giant, discusses its profitable makeover with Iain Campbell. January 2023 Article Chip War How semiconductors bring a competitive world together. December 2022 Article Cultivating change in the meat industry Demand for meat is growing, but traditional production is costly. Could in vitro agriculture be our panacea? July 2022 Article ESG v sustainability The questions we should consider to avoid being led astray by ESG risk scores. May 2022 Article China’s move to renewable energy Solar power and cheap green energy makes for a promising future. April 2022 Article A dream within reach New technologies, plummeting costs and our own changing behaviours all promise progress in the energy transition– just don’t expect it to come in a straight line. March 2022 Article Actual ESG Investing in great growth companies to make a big difference. February 2022 Video 12 minutes The university shaping global tech Why so many tech founders and CEOs have emerged from the Indian Institutes of Technology. January 2022 Article Glasgow Climate Pact For Global Stewardship, climate opportunities go hand in hand with climate challenges December 2021 Article What’s a business for? Today’s investment managers should support companies doing the most to benefit society. November 2021 Article Towards Net Zero: Reflections on COP26 Tim Garratt, Michael Pye and Caroline Cook reflect on the investment implications of arguably the most significant meeting of world leaders this millennium, COP 26. November 2021 Video 49 minutes The Biological Revolution The use of information science to unlock biology is revolutionising our health and wellbeing. November 2021 Article Mapping Veganville Can plant-based foods save the planet? Investment manager Brian Lum explores changing attitudes. November 2021 Article China’s gen Z+ How the digital natives’ wants and needs create opportunities for forward-thinking Chinese companies. October 2021 Document Lessons from Bessembinder What a US academic taught us about the companies that outperform. October 2021 Document India’s ‘missing’ female workers Women dropping out of employment should weigh on investors’ minds. October 2021 Article Supporting ESG improvers Investors can have the most impact by focusing on sustainability laggards, not leaders. October 2021 Article Misguided metrics Why emerging markets firms struggle to get high ESG scores October 2021 Article Time travel investing Evaluating emerging market stocks by taking a mental leap into the future. October 2021 Article Disruption Week: Investing in Firms Shaping the World of Tomorrow From futuristic wireless technology to healthcare innovation and new forms of food production, the Long Term Global Growth Team’s investment manager Michael Pye considers the advances that may define life in 2040. September 2021 Video 4 minutes The future of mobility - Part 2 A wave of revolutionary new technologies is set to transform the way we travel from A to B. In this short series, Thaiha Nguyen, a Baillie Gifford investment manager, takes an in-depth look at the business of personal transport on the brink of change. Document The future of mobility – Part 3 A wave of revolutionary new technologies is set to transform the way we travel from A to B. In this short series, Thaiha Nguyen, a Baillie Gifford investment manager, takes an in-depth look at the business of personal transport on the brink of change. April 2021 Document The future of mobility - part 4 A wave of revolutionary new technologies is set to transform the way we travel from A to B. In this short series, Thaiha Nguyen, a Baillie Gifford investment manager, takes an in-depth look at the business of personal transport on the brink of change. April 2021 Document The future of mobility – Part 1 A wave of revolutionary new technologies is set to transform the way we travel from A to B. In this short series, Thaiha Nguyen, a Baillie Gifford investment manager, takes an in-depth look at the business of personal transport on the brink of change. April 2021 Document Actual ESG The logic of long-term investing means that companies harming the planet and its people will ultimately be losers. March 2021 Document Humans, a growth species On the back of humanity's innate ability to innovate, invent and improve, Hamish Maxwell is reminded of why growth investing yields such promise over the long-term. March 2021 Document Innovation: why it’s crucial for sustainability Lee Qian, Investment Manager in Baillie Gifford’s Positive Change Strategy, tells us why we should harness innovation and economic growth to create a more prosperous, sustainable and inclusive world. December 2020 Document A View from the Midst of the Pandemic Technological developments over recent decades mean reality has outpaced the science fiction of his youth since Mark Urquhart joined Baillie Gifford almost 25 years ago. June 2020 Document The Second Space Age Fifty years after Apollo 11, can a fresh wave of innovation in space technology open new frontiers and promising investment opportunities? Investment manager, Luke Ward looks across the gulf of space and gives us his views. March 2020 Document Dominators vs disrupters - the future of industrial robotics The big four incumbents in robotics are gearing up for a challenge. In a reshaping global industry, they are readying themselves for the march of the cobots. Document Learning from Academia Our support of inquisitive people plays a crucial role in our investment research. Discover more in our academia anthology. October 2019 Document Long Read Corporate Scandals That Changed the Course of Capitalism Civil society has increasingly questioned and challenged corporate behaviour and activity since the 1960s. This film documents a number of corporate disasters that have caught the public attention over the last 75 years, and have led to some profound changes. Fourth Quarter 2019 Video 4 minutes From universal rights to global goals The 75-year backstory to responsible investment. October 2019 Document Bricks and clicks With online companies currently dominating sales, it is widely expected that the need for tangible stores will continue to decrease, but Baillie Gifford has spotted a rise in forward-thinking companies who are utilising physical spaces to provide an innovative and interactive shopping experience. April 2019 Document The death of Alzheimer’s As lifespans increase, more of us will inevitably encounter Alzheimer’s. Thankfully, new advances mean that we may be approaching a breakthrough in treating the disease. The Death of Alzheimer’s asks how Baillie Gifford can support this effort. March 2019 Document Does anyone remember what 'investing' actually means Stuart Dunbar discusses the woes of what our industry has become alongside the potential opportunities presented by its somewhat over-evolved state. February 2017 Document Quality’s rough ride How Baillie Gifford thinks about quality at different stages of company growth. September 2026 Article Long Read Why true active management matters more than ever Stuart Dunbar explains why active management matters more than ever today. May 2026 Article 7 minutes AI is coming for your mind AI is reshaping human cognition. What does that mean for workers, companies and society? March 2026 Article Long read Exceptional companies are reaching scale in private markets “Founders today realise they can build a better, more enduring business by staying private for longer,” says Investment Manager Peter Singlehurst, live on Bloomberg Tech. January 2026 External link Unknown quantities Prof Diane Coyle explains why you can’t measure progress with yesterday’s tools. September 2025 Article 5 minutes Ahead of the game: rethinking play’s importance Kelly Clancy makes the case for why play is more important than you might think. September 2024 Article 4 minutes Stock story: Diploma Iain McCombie explores Diploma's journey to distribution excellence September 2024 Video 4 minutes Lessons from a time traveller A journey through time uncovers the deep transitions that can reshape our world. July 2024 Article 2 minutes Stock story: PsiQuantum How one company is finally bringing the boundless possibilities of quantum computing into reach of the wider market. June 2024 Video 3 minutes Stock story: MercadoLibre The company on a mission to democratise ecommerce and finance for 650 million people. May 2024 Video 3 minutes Eating better to save ourselves Tim Spector and Henry Dimbleby on what our diet says about our health and the health of the planet. June 2023 Video 60 minutes AI Superpowers Renowned investor Kai-Fu Lee revisits his prophetic book, five years on. April 2023 Article Making sense of the metaverse Author Matthew Ball on the next-generation internet and the companies building its foundations. February 2023 Article Beauty secrets: sharing Shiseido’s story Masahiko Uotani, CEO of the Japanese cosmetics giant, discusses its profitable makeover with Iain Campbell. January 2023 Article Chip War How semiconductors bring a competitive world together. December 2022 Article Important information Baillie Gifford Overseas Limited is wholly owned by Baillie Gifford & Co. Baillie Gifford Overseas Limited provides investment management and advisory services to non-UK clients. Both are authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. The information provided does not constitute an offer of or solicitation for purchase or sale of securities or provision of any investment services. Any general enquiries regarding Baillie Gifford should be directed to the relevant individual as noted in the Contact Us section. The information contained in this website has been compiled with considerable care to ensure its accuracy at the date of publication. However, no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made to its accuracy or completeness. Nothing in this information or elsewhere in this website shall exclude, limit or restrict our duties and liabilities to you under the United Kingdom's Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 or any conduct of business rules which we are bound to comply with. This website is informative only and the information provided should not be considered as investment advice or a recommendation to buy, sell or hold a particular investment. Read our Legal and regulatory information for further details. Learn about Baillie Gifford Strategies Insights About us Careers Actual investors Philanthropy The Baillie Gifford Prize for Non-Fiction Media hub Legal Help and support Product and regulatory data Fraudulent activity Accessibility Important disclosures Legal Legal and regulatory Manage cookies Terms of use Modern slavery statement Privacy notices Stay in touch via social media Have a question? Contact us © Copyright Baillie Gifford & Co. All rights reserved. 2026