Events | Students and graduates | Careers | HSBC Skip to: Skip to Primary navigation Skip to Main content Skip to Footer Menu Who we are Skip to Investors Who we are Founded in 1865, HSBC is one of the world’s largest banking and financial services organisations. Go to this section Main menu Who we are HSBC at a glance Our strategy and values Main menu Who we are Our strategy and values Overview Our strategy Our values Our history Our conduct Our culture Our people Main menu Who we are Our people Introduction Board of directors Senior management Inclusion at HSBC Our customers Our markets HSBC and Digital Main menu Who we are HSBC and Digital Overview HSBC and AI HSBC and Digital Accessibility HSBC and Digital Assets and Currencies HSBC and Quantum HSBC Patents and Research Papers HSBC and Trade HSBC and Wealth HSBC and Sustainability Main menu Who we are HSBC and Sustainability Overview Our Net Zero Transition Plan Supporting our customers Climate Solutions Partnership Sustainability FAQs ESG and responsible business Main menu Who we are ESG and responsible business Introduction ESG reporting centre Governance Tax transparency Fighting financial crime Health and safety Managing risk Working with suppliers Modern Slavery Act OUR STRATEGY AND VALUES Opening up a world of opportunity Close Navigation Investors Skip to News and views Investors Find information about our performance, dividends, and investor events. Go to this section Main menu Investors Investing in HSBC Main menu Investors Investing in HSBC Overview Our investment case Group structure Consensus, buyback updates, and analyst coverage Financial calendar HSBC shareholder updates Results and announcements Main menu Investors Results and announcements Overview All reporting Stock exchange announcements Annual Report Investor events and presentations Shareholder and dividend information Main menu Investors Shareholder and dividend information Overview Manage your shareholding Dividend information and timetable Dividend calculator Scrip dividend AGM and shareholder meetings Share analytics Total share return Investor FAQs HSBC completes privatisation of Hang Seng Bank 滙豐完成恒生銀行私有化 Fixed income investors Main menu Investors Fixed income investors Overview Final terms and supplements Issuance programmes Covered bonds Green Financing Framework Regulatory debt main features Credit ratings Investor alerts Investor contacts Investor information in Chinese - 投資者中文資訊 (opens in new window) OUR INVESTMENT CASE How we deliver long-term value for shareholders Close Navigation News and views Skip to Careers News and views Find the latest news, media releases, opinions, reports, images and videos from HSBC. Go to this section Main menu News and views News Main menu News and views News Latest news Media releases HSBC news archive Views Main menu News and views Views Latest views All topics Trends Media contacts Image library Our brand in action Main menu News and views Our brand in action Overview Sports and arts partnerships We’re there Corners Pivot Turning Point Exchange Seizing Uncertainty MEDIA CONTACTS How journalists can get in touch Close Navigation Careers Skip to Online banking Careers Endless possibilities, diverse outlooks. Build your career at HSBC. Go to this section Main menu Careers Students and graduates Main menu Careers Students and graduates Overview University students and graduates Schools and apprenticeships Events Application guide FAQs Find a programme Life at HSBC Main menu Careers Life at HSBC Overview Meet our people Career development Welcoming diversity Pay and benefits Alumni Our business areas and teams Main menu Careers Our business areas and teams Overview Corporate and Institutional Banking International Wealth and Premier Banking Group Infrastructure Find a job Where we hire Main menu Careers Where we hire Overview Key hiring areas Careers in India Application hints and tips Careers contacts Careers FAQs STUDENTS AND GRADUATES Launch your career, shape your future Close Navigation Online banking Contact Online banking Contact Search Online banking Banking type Toggle dropdown Go Remember me Go You are leaving HSBC.com. Please be aware that the external site policies, or those of another HSBC Group website, may differ from our website terms and conditions and privacy policy. The next site will open in a new browser window. Note: HSBC is not responsible for any content on third party sites, nor does a link suggest endorsement of those sites and/or their content. Learn about online security Close Close online banking panel Search (auto-suggestions will appear below field) Clear text Submit search See all results No results found. Please try a different search term. Close Close search panel Home Careers Students and graduates Events Students and graduates career events Our events are a great way to get to know us better. You’ll meet our people from apprentices and graduates to senior leaders, talk to our recruiters and learn more about what a career at HSBC could offer you. Join our events We run events worldwide, in our offices, at universities and other locations, and online. Follow the link below to find out more and register your attendance. Sign up to our Talent Community (opens in new window) to be kept up to date on our events schedule. HSBC careers events Find out about our upcoming online and in-person events. View all our events (opens in new window) Past events Catch up on a selection of previous global events. Live local think global. Working at the HSBC Tech hub in Sheffield Hear from our graduates and degree apprentices about their roles in technology, their transition of settling into a new city, and why they love living and working in Sheffield. Want a job that’s all about people? Start here Meet some of our former graduates who now work in Relationship Management. Big Careers. Inside HSBC Birmingham Discover what it’s like to launch your HSBC career in Birmingham, one of the UK’s most dynamic business communities. Ask a recruiter anything Meet our UK recruitment team as they walk you through what we’re looking for in applications, how to prepare for online assessments and interviews, and how to stand out – regardless of your degree background. From first year to first internship Meet some of our former HSBC interns as they share their experiences of life with us. Work experience briefing: students & parents recap session A follow-up briefing for students and parents who missed the main session. We recap the programme overview, schedule, expectations, safeguarding, and key logistics ahead of the placement. A future where your potential is prioritised Join us and we’ll give you all the tools and opportunities to build a long, varied and exciting career. Whether you’re best suited for a role in relationship management, trading, investment banking, software engineering, cyber or data, you can be sure of support structures and development programmes that will ensure that you don’t just reach your goals, you go beyond them. Find out more Frequently asked questions View all FAQs I can’t see any events listed which I can attend We run events at peak recruitment periods around the world. If you can’t see any listed which are relevant for you, sign up to our Talent Community (opens in new window) and you’ll receive a regular monthly email which will include all upcoming events. Why do I need to register to attend an event? We ask you to register as sometimes spaces at our events are limited. I have registered for an event, when will I know if I have a place to attend? The recruitment team will email you to confirm your place, along with any joining details. View all FAQs Share Email a link to this page Share on X Open in new window Share on LinkedIn Open in new window Share on Facebook Open in new window Share on Facebook Messenger Open in new window Share on WhatsApp Open in new window Share Share Email Email a link to this page X Share on X Open in new window LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Open in new window Facebook Share on Facebook Open in new window Facebook Messenger Share on Facebook Messenger Open in new window Whatsapp Share on WhatsApp Open in new window Print Print this page RSS Subscribe to RSS Did you find this page useful? Yes No Why didn't you find this page useful? Boring Poorly written Off-topic Lacks detail Too complex Other Thank you. We appreciate you taking the time to give us feedback. Expand download basket Download basket Download all Open Open basket Close Close basket Download all Remove all Who we are Investors News and views Careers Visit Linkedin (opens in new window) Visit Instagram (opens in new window) Visit Facebook (opens in new window) Visit Youtube (opens in new window) © HSBC Group 2026 Terms and conditions Privacy notice Cookie notice Website accessibility Online security Sitemap Stopping modern slavery ICP 15029387-2 (Chinese only) Shanghai Administration for Industry & Commerce Shanghai Municipal Public Security record No. 31011502400282