Skip to main contentWhen you visit this website R-R also collects certain Information by automated means, using technologies such as cookies, web server logs and web beacons.We will not use any cookies unless you agree by closing this banner. To agree to the use of cookies, please click on the 'Accept Cookies' in the right hand corner.DeclineAccept CookiesEnglishSign InSearch for JobsEnterprise Skills Accelerator - UK page is loadedEnterprise Skills Accelerator - UKApplylocationsDerbyBristolLondon Kings Placetime typeFull timeposted onPosted 5 Days Agojob requisition idJR6160581Job DescriptionEnterprise Skills Accelerator Duration: minimum 12 months from October 2027Starting salary: £40,000 + £5,000 joining bonusLocations: Key locations in Derby, Bristol and London, subject to availabilityAt Rolls-Royce we are committed to always being a force for progress; powering, protecting and connecting people everywhere.The best business professionals are rarely conventional. So why contain yourself to a conventional career path? Join the Enterprise Skills Accelerator and develop years’ worth of skill, experience and network connections in a matter of months. As a skills first organisation, Rolls-Royce is committed to developing people who are ready for the future. People who have the agility, behaviours, knowledge and mindset to deliver change, add value and support our transformation however our business requires. This is exactly what our Enterprise Skills Accelerator is designed to give you. So, if you’re looking for a versatile career as part of an iconic, high-performing, constantly evolving company, this is an opportunity like no other. Role overview:Enterprise Skills Accelerator is an intensive development programme geared towards future-focused leadership skills. We know the foundations future business leaders need. And through real-world ‘gigs’ (or placements), group projects, self-driven learning, and access to our amazing leaders, experts and networks, you’ll gain the behavioural, technical and mindset skills that will set you up for success, at pace. The Enterprise Skills Accelerator programme duration is a minimum of 12 months. Upon completion of the programme, you’ll have attained a postgraduate qualification and unlocked an agile mindset, with the ability to learn, unlearn and relearn however the future of work requires. You’ll develop an appreciation for emerging tech and AI in the business environment, enabling you to challenge ‘how’ we work while adding strategic value and commercial impact. So, you have the potential to become an agile leader in any area. It's an experience tailored to you. Ongoing skills assessments ensure learning opportunities are structured around your needs, ensuring breadth. And with access to opportunities across our whole enterprise, leadership coaching, and the ability to self-direct your own study towards a professional qualification, you’re in control of the pace of your progression. What you’ll be doing:As an intensive personalised programme, we can’t say exactly what your experience on the Enterprise Skills Accelerator will be. But here’s a rough outline of what the journey involves.In October 2027, you’ll begin with an immersive induction, where you’ll connect with leaders and learn about our culture, strategy, and the products and services that power, protect and connect people globally.You’ll kick-start your fully funded post-graduate qualification meeting support networks, understanding key modules and gaining access to the resources available for your self-directed learning.You’ll also go on a week’s residential course with Outward Bound, testing and developing your human skills, agility and resilience in a dynamic environment.Post-induction, we’ll assess your skills to identify your strengths and development areas. You’ll then complete a 6-month gig (or “placement”) to develop business technical skills.Our gigs span the entire enterprise, from strategy and sales to change programmes, customer/supplier negotiations and programme/change execution.You’ll also collaborate with other Accelerator members on a 6-month strategic project, solving a real business challenge and presenting your roadmap and business case to executive leaders - a key milestone for your qualification. Throughout, you’ll attend exclusive masterclasses, work with senior sponsors, and receive one-to-one mentoring.We’ll continue to assess your skills throughout, with a review at the end of the programme to determine next steps. This could be progression into a future role within our enterprise, considering your skills and where you can add value at pace, continuing to shape an agile impactful career. Who we’re looking for:Business-minded graduates who are curious, motivated, and eager to learn. Designed with experiences and support for those early in their career, you’ll have graduated by your start date with us and be mobile to travel to, and be based from any one of our key UK locations in Bristol, Derby and London. If you thrive on change, want to accelerate your career, and are excited to shape the future of a global, ambitious enterprise, we’d love to hear from you. Our Enterprise Skills Accelerator programme is designed to equip graduates with foundational skills, structured development, support networks and early career experiences. For those with more career experience, we have a range of opportunities that could be a stronger fit for you – see our SWITCH or Launch (our direct entry opportunities) programmes. The Enterprise Skills Accelerator programme is not designed to develop engineering or technical skills. If you’ve studied engineering, we still want to hear from you. You’ll find a stronger fit with our Engineering & Technology Graduate Programme or Launch opportunities. Our behaviours drive us - we put safety first, do the right thing, keep it simple and make a difference. We’ll expect that of you, too. What we offer: Competitive pay and a professional qualificationWe believe in investing in our people. That’s why you’ll receive a competitive salary, along with a joining bonus of £5,000 (paid within the first month) to help with moving and hybrid working. And you’ll work towards a fully funded post-graduate certificate. Unique insightExperiencing the inner workings of our organisation, you’ll appreciate and role model all it means to be ‘One Rolls-Royce’; an expert in our operating model and strategy; how it cascades, connects and is mobilised across our enterprise. Future-ready skillsYou’ll become a high-performing, resilient change agent who operates between the lines and is comfortable with ambiguity. You’ll not only be an effective communicator, but you’ll also develop the ability to influence stakeholders, think critically, develop business cases, navigate our internal and external networks, tell a story and bring others along on the journey: an agent of change. Exciting prospectsAlong with unrivalled exposure and invaluable experience, you’ll complete this programme with the kind of advanced network you wouldn’t get anywhere else. A network who’ll help you continue to challenge how we work and deliver strategic projects as you move into a future in our open talent marketplace. Key opportunities could be in Commercial, Procurement, Strategy & Transformation, Project Management and generalist Finance roles. And with the leadership foundations you will have built, who knows where else that could lead. Gain the skills to transform and perform. Apply now. Note that assessment centres will run from December 2026.To work for the Rolls-Royce Defence business areas an individual must hold a Security Check clearance. Rolls-Royce will support the application for Security Clearance if you do not currently already have this in place. Due to the nature of work the business conducts and the protection of certain assets we can only progress applications from individuals who are a UK national or, in MoD approved cases, a dual national. Join us and help create the technologies that will shape tomorrow. If you're ready to learn, grow and make a lasting difference from day one, we'd love to hear from you. Rolls-Royce are committed to being a respectful, inclusive, and non-discriminatory workplace where individuality is valued, diverse perspectives fuel innovation, and everyone can thrive. Closing date: Friday 30th October 2026 We reserve the right to close the job advert early dependent on application volumes. ProgrammeJob Posting Date28 Sept 2026; 00:09Rolls-Royce pioneers cutting-edge technologies that deliver the cleanest, safest and most competitive solutions to our planet’s vital power needs.Follow UsData Privacy© 2026 Workday, Inc. All rights reserved.