Finance Transformation Consulting Placement - Business Analyst 2027 at Deloitte | Higherin DID YOU COMPLETE WORK EXPERIENCE THIS YEAR? IT'S TIME TO LEAVE A REVIEW Open menu Jobs Search all jobs Search and apply for internships, placements, graduate jobs, insights and apprenticeships University Students Internships Placements Graduate Jobs and Schemes Insights & Vacation Schemes Brand Ambassadors School Leavers Apprenticeships Degree Apprenticeships Level 2 Apprenticeships Level 3 Apprenticeships Level 4/5 Apprenticeships School Leaver Programmes Popular Searches Placements in London Internships in London Graduate Jobs in London Engineering Graduate Schemes Business Placements Finance Internships Marketing Placements Apprenticeships in London Business Apprenticeships Finance Apprenticeships Tech Apprenticeships Reviews Write A Review Share your experience of your apprenticeship, internship or placement to help future applicants make informed career decisions Read All Reviews What’s it like to work at your dream company? Written by university students and school leavers, read our job reviews to find out Reviews by Scheme Internship Reviews Placement Reviews Graduate Job Reviews Insight & Vacation Scheme Reviews Apprenticeship Reviews Degree Apprenticeship Reviews Level 2 Apprenticeship Reviews Level 3 Apprenticeship Reviews Level 4/5 Apprenticeship Reviews Companies All Companies Search for companies to learn more about their culture, read job reviews written by students, and discover the latest job opportunities they have to offer Top Employers Each year, we rank the employers leading the way in apprenticeship, undergraduate and graduate schemes - voted for entirely by your student job reviews Advice Explore Industries Accounting Careers Banking Careers Business Careers Engineering Careers Finance Careers IT & Technology Careers Legal & Law Careers Marketing Careers Public Sector Careers Retail & FMCG Careers Science & Research Careers View all Industries » Explore Schemes What is an Internship? What is a Placement? What is a Graduate Job? What is a Graduate Scheme? What is an Insight Scheme? What is an Off-Cycle Internship? What is an Apprenticeship? What is a Degree Apprenticeship? What is a Level 2 Apprenticeship? What is a Level 3 Apprenticeship? What is a Level 4 or 5 Apprenticeship? View all Schemes » All Careers Advice Educate yourself on your future career decisions Exploring Options Discover career paths that match your interests and strengths Application Tips Stand out with our CVs and application hacks Interview Tips Turn nerves into confidence and impress employers Student Life Make the most of your university or school experience Working Life Navigate your first job with ease University Hub Resources for university careers advisors and their students Schools Hub Supporting your students with post-16 options For Employers Sign In My Dashboard See new jobs and content matching your interests Application tracker Track your applications across multiple jobs My Reviews View your in progress or completed reviews Saved Items Managed your saved jobs and searches Account Update your profile to receive a better experience Visit Dashboard Sign out My Dashboard See new jobs and content matching your interests Application tracker Track your applications across multiple jobs My Reviews View your in progress or completed reviews Saved Items Managed your saved jobs and searches Account Update your profile to receive a better experience Create an account Sign in Close menu Jobs Search all jobs Search and apply for internships, placements, graduate jobs, insights and apprenticeships University Students Internships Placements Graduate Jobs and Schemes Insights & Vacation Schemes Brand Ambassadors School Leavers Apprenticeships Degree Apprenticeships Level 2 Apprenticeships Level 3 Apprenticeships Level 4/5 Apprenticeships School Leaver Programmes Popular Searches Placements in London Internships in London Graduate Jobs in London Engineering Graduate Schemes Business Placements Finance Internships Marketing Placements Apprenticeships in London Business Apprenticeships Finance Apprenticeships Tech Apprenticeships Reviews Write A Review Share your experience of your apprenticeship, internship or placement to help future applicants make informed career decisions Read All Reviews What’s it like to work at your dream company? Written by university students and school leavers, read our job reviews to find out Reviews by Scheme Internship Reviews Placement Reviews Graduate Job Reviews Insight & Vacation Scheme Reviews Apprenticeship Reviews Degree Apprenticeship Reviews Level 2 Apprenticeship Reviews Level 3 Apprenticeship Reviews Level 4/5 Apprenticeship Reviews Companies All Companies Search for companies to learn more about their culture, read job reviews written by students, and discover the latest job opportunities they have to offer Top Employers Each year, we rank the employers leading the way in apprenticeship, undergraduate and graduate schemes - voted for entirely by your student job reviews Advice Explore Industries Accounting Careers Banking Careers Business Careers Engineering Careers Finance Careers IT & Technology Careers Legal & Law Careers Marketing Careers Public Sector Careers Retail & FMCG Careers Science & Research Careers View all Industries » Explore Schemes What is an Internship? What is a Placement? What is a Graduate Job? What is a Graduate Scheme? What is an Insight Scheme? What is an Off-Cycle Internship? What is an Apprenticeship? What is a Degree Apprenticeship? What is a Level 2 Apprenticeship? What is a Level 3 Apprenticeship? What is a Level 4 or 5 Apprenticeship? View all Schemes » All Careers Advice Educate yourself on your future career decisions Exploring Options Discover career paths that match your interests and strengths Application Tips Stand out with our CVs and application hacks Interview Tips Turn nerves into confidence and impress employers Student Life Make the most of your university or school experience Working Life Navigate your first job with ease University Hub Resources for university careers advisors and their students Schools Hub Supporting your students with post-16 options Home / Jobs / Deloitte / Finance Transformation Consulting Placement - Business Analyst 2027 at Deloitte Finance Transformation Consulting Placement - Business Analyst 2027 at Deloitte About 4.6/5 Summary Job Description Job Details Deadline: 9th October 2026 3 days to go! Job Type: Placement (10 Months+) Job Roles: Data Analysis Finance Management Consulting Locations: Belfast Job Description What does this team do? This role sits within the Finance Transformation Consulting persona. For a reminder, please follow the link to the website: Early Careers Consulting | Deloitte UK. Deloitte's Finance Transformation team supports Chief Financial Officers, guiding them through complex challenges to help them improve their businesses. As a part of Deloitte's Finance Transformation offering, we empower finance functions with cutting-edge tools and insights, using cloud-based solutions to navigate today's business complexities. Our expertise spans the entire transformation journey, from collaborating with businesses to developing and refining their strategy, ensuring alignment with overall business objectives. Our service offerings are structured to deliver comprehensive support: we partner with CFOs to develop their vision and anticipate future market and business demands. We used advanced analytics and other forms of tech to help our clients achieve their goals in performance management, budgeting and all other areas. Beyond financial performance, we are committed to using tech to create positive and empowering experiences for finance professionals, championing sustainability, diversity, and inclusion. We are passionate about making a difference for our clients, their employees, and society as a whole. Business Finance & Controllership Support clients in enhancing financial planning, forecasting, reporting, and analytics capabilities through the implementation of modern finance processes, scalable data platforms, and AI-enabled solutions. Drive improvements across finance operations, reporting, and treasury functions to enable better decision-making, efficiency, and long-term business performance. What skills and academic qualifications do I need? This programme is for university students who are doing well academically and want to test their skills in the real world. You’ll be on track to achieve a predicted degree classification of 2:1 or above in any discipline. You must also be in the penultimate year of your course. Duration of programme: 12 months. We have identified 10 core skills that are essential to all our roles in Early Careers. To learn more about these skills and their detailed descriptions, please visit the 'Discover What We Look For' section in our Candidate Zone. What kind of work will I do? As part of your role, you will be: Getting to the bottom of client’s problems through interactive workshops and labs. Designing the future state of a finance function. Working with individuals from our clients’ business and IT teams to understand what our clients’ problems and needs are, transforming those into technical requirements. Supporting the design and implementation of solutions across finance. Creating documentation crucial to the delivery and execution of the programme, alongside materials presented back to clients. Learning how to engage with clients to solve their most complex problems and the approaches Deloitte takes to understand their needs. Discovering how technologies underpin everything an organisation does, and which technologies work best for each part of a business. Through this immersive experience, you'll develop a deep understanding of client engagement strategies, master the art of problem-solving, and gain exposure to the power of technology in shaping modern businesses. You'll work with experts across Deloitte's Finance Transformation and wider practice, gaining insights into how we use our diverse expertise to deliver exceptional client service to the world's leading organisations. Where will I work? At Deloitte we recognise how important face-to-face interaction is for your development in a new role. We also understand that our people need flexibility, which is why we operate a hybrid system, with a combination of office and home working. If you’re in a client-facing role, you might be expected to attend client sites on certain days, while your meetings will be a mix of online and in-person events. Please note your final assessment and induction will also be in-person, to give you the opportunity to network and build relationships. All our workspaces are accessible, however, if you require further flexibility due to a health condition or caring responsibilities, please discuss this with our team. You can find further information on our family friendly, flexible working here. How will I develop? Professionally an industrial placement programme in Finance Transformation will help you learn: What technologies organisations currently use and how they can transform those to better achieve their strategic objectives. How to support and interpret business strategies and objectives and transform those into requirements and solutions. What large-scale technology transformations look like. How to build rapport with clients and ensure they have confidence in your capability. You will have unrivalled access to the largest and most important organisations in the world, as well as world class experts within Deloitte, all of which allow you to truly build a solid foundation for any career you seek to pursue. Support for you during your placement includes: Dedicated Early Talent teams made up of Analysts and senior staff that provide pastoral support to all our placement students. Access to in-person and online training throughout your placement, including many technical credentials. Additional support and benefits information We’re a collaborative, inclusive firm and we want to help you to use your unique talents and perspectives in the workplace. From diversity networks to wellbeing and much more, we aim to support and reward you in the best way possible. Please use the links below to discover more about our processes, benefits, values and culture. You can learn more about the full recruitment process here. Do you have accessibility requirements or need reasonable adjustments for the interview or assessment process? Find out how we can help. Learn more about our values, culture and purpose as a firm. Want to hear from some of our people to inspire your future career? Check out our Life at Deloitte page. At Deloitte we value diversity, and we’re committed to ensuring that our people thrive through a wide range of initiatives and diversity networks. Discover more about inclusion and wellbeing. We value our people and recognise their hard work. Learn about the rewards and benefits available at Deloitte. Application deadlines The closing deadline for this role is 9th October 2026, but we recommend getting your application in as soon as possible. Please note, some of our roles may close before the deadline if we experience high demand. Once you’ve applied to this role, you’ll receive an email from our recruitment team outlining next steps and the relevant deadlines for you to complete the following stages of our process. We operate a strict one application per year policy across our Early Careers opportunities. We recommend only submitting an application for a role that you feel is right for you. Visa Sponsorship We’re not able to provide sponsorship for this programme. If you are currently on a student visa and would require sponsorship to join Deloitte after graduation, we’re unable to accept your application to this role, as the salary for the Graduate conversion role in this location does not currently meet the minimum threshold required under the Immigration Rules for Skilled Worker visa sponsorship. Please apply instead for an Industrial placement in London, Aberdeen, Bristol, Cambridge, Reading, Gatwick or Southampton, where available. In these locations, the Graduate conversion roles meet the relevant salary threshold, and we are able to sponsor Skilled Worker visas. How to apply To apply for this role and to find out more, please click on the apply button. Please note that applications may close before the application deadline, so apply early to avoid disappointment. Job Details Deadline: 9th October 2026 3 days to go! Job Type: Placement (10 Months+) Job Roles: Data Analysis Finance Management Consulting Locations: Belfast About Deloitte Whether it’s innovating with tech or protecting our planet, working from home or collaborating in the office, developing your skills or taking time for yourself, what matters is different for everyone. And you don’t need to have it all figured out yet. That’s what we’re here for. View Company Profile Company Rating 4.6 /5 Rating based on 901 Reviews This score is based on honest feedback written by students who’ve worked at Deloitte. See All Reviews Assurance Summer Vacation Scheme 2027 at Deloitte Insight / Vacation Scheme (< 4 Weeks) Competitive paid a competitive salary opportunity to complete the programme with a graduate job offer for September 2028 comprehensive induction and training plan buddy support regular check-ins diversity networks wellbeing rewards and benefits London View Job Finance Transformation Consulting Graduate - Business Analyst 2027 at Deloitte Graduate Job Belfast View Job Audit Analytics Summer Vacation Scheme 2027 at Deloitte Insight / Vacation Scheme (< 4 Weeks) London View Job IT Audit Summer Vacation Scheme 2027 at Deloitte Insight / Vacation Scheme (< 4 Weeks) London View Job Audit Summer Vacation Scheme 2027 at Deloitte Insight / Vacation Scheme (< 4 Weeks) Competitive competitive salary benefits, values and culture rewards and benefits available at Deloitte London View Job View More Jobs Join the Higherin Community Save Time Easily add jobs from Higherin or external platforms to keep everything organised. Personalised Alerts Get tailored job recommendations and updates straight to your inbox. Exclusive Features Access tools like application tracking, deadline reminders, and saved searches. Stay Ahead Be the first to know about the latest opportunities and deadlines. Completely Free Create an account and unlock powerful features at no cost. Start Exploring Search for Jobs Job Reviews Companies Top Apprenticeship Employers Top Graduate Employers Top Undergraduate Employers Help & Support Contact Us Report a Problem For Employers Promote Internships Hire Apprentices Recruit Graduates Brand Ambassadors Employer Branding Activations Privacy & Legal Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our Company About Us Higherin Academy Careers higherin.careers higherin.apprenticeships 2026 Higherin. All rights reserved.