2027 Non-Financial Risk Summer Analyst Programme (Glasgow) - Morgan Stanley Campus We and our partners use cookies and similar tools (“Cookies”) as necessary to provide digital services and for additional “Optional” purposes, such as for analytics, performance, functionality (such as search functionality), and marketing purposes (including targeted advertising). Please click “Accept Optional Cookies” to consent to Optional Cookies, “Reject Optional Cookies” to disable Optional Cookies. For more information, please review our Cookie Policy . Accept Optional Cookies I accept the cookie policy Reject Optional Cookies I would like to opt out of cookies Read more about our cookie policy Skip to content Login Register Toggle navigation Home Global Programs Campus Events Help Center 2027 Non-Financial Risk Summer Analyst Programme (Glasgow) City Glasgow Education Level Bachelor's Degree Business Unit Legal and Compliance Job description Morgan Stanley Overview: Morgan Stanley is a leading global financial services firm providing a wide range of investment banking, securities, investment management and wealth management services. Since 1935, Morgan Stanley is known as a global leader in financial services, continuously evolving and innovating to better serve our clients and our communities in more than 40 countries around the world. As a market leader, the talent and passion of our people is critical to our success. Together, we share a common set of values rooted in integrity, excellence and strong team ethic. Legal and Compliance Division Overview: The professionals in the Legal and Compliance Division “LCD” provide a wide range of services to our business units. LCD is made up of the Legal, Regulatory Relations, and Non-Financial Risk departments which preserve the firm’s invaluable reputation for integrity and protect the firm from sanctions with policies and procedures that are designed to meet regulatory requirements around the world. We also strive to maintain cooperative relationships with governmental policy makers and the regulatory and self-regulatory agencies that govern the firm’s businesses. Non-Financial Risk Organization Overview: The second- line Non-Financial Risk “NFR” organization includes the Compliance, Global Financial Crimes, and Operational Risk departments and provides a single, comprehensive, and consistent second-line view of these non-financial risks. Non-Financial Risk encompasses risks which are not financial in nature, and could have a potential economic, reputational, regulatory, financial reporting, or client impact from (i) failed or inadequate processes, data, or controls; ii) infrastructure or environmental factors; or iii) intentional or inadvertent actions of employees or external parties. The second-line NFR organization partners with the first-line business units to advise, train, manage, report, identify, analyze, and escalate non-financial risks. Placement and duration The Glasgow Non-Financial Risk Summer Analyst Programme is a 13-week programme commencing in June, targeted at university students in their penultimate year. The curriculum includes an orientation of the Firm, senior management speaker seminars, social and networking events to build Summer Analysts' professional networks. Following completion of the Summer Analyst programme, successful analysts may be offered full time positions in the Glasgow Non-Financial Risk Full-Time Analyst Programme the following year. Training program The Program begins with a Firmwide induction with peers from other divisions. This is followed by two days of classroom-based training covering products and industry knowledge, personal effectiveness, technical training and team-building activities. Summer Analysts also receive considerable on-the-job training, a series of “Lunch & Learns,” networking events, webinars and work-shadowing opportunities. Primary Responsibilities: To give the Summer Analyst a sense of what it's like to work in a fast-paced environment like ours, they will be given substantive responsibilities with real impact. Specific responsibilities may include some of the following activities: Analysis of regulations, rules and related Non-Financial Risk industry and regulatory developments; Assist with responding to Non-Financial Risk business and regulatory inquiries; Conducting monitoring of transactions, employee activities and communications; Participating in risk assessments and analysis of the Firm’s compliance environment; Analysing operational risk incidents to identify themes and/or patterns; Drafting and coordinating regulatory updates and compliance bulletins; Reviewing and responding to Anti-Money Laundering, Sanctions or Anti-Bribery, and Anti-Corruption related business enquiries; Assessing the Financial Crime risks associated with potential and existing clients as well as the business activities of the Firm; Providing input to Financial Crimes investigations; and Analyse, research and present on a Non-Financial Risk Summer Analyst group project; Qualifications / Skills / Requirements You are an undergraduate student who has outstanding academic achievements, and are on track for a 2.1 honours degree or equivalent. You are interested in building a career in risk management, compliance or financial crimes. You have excellent leadership, inter-personal, and strong verbal and written communications skills. You pay close attention to detail, have analytical and problem-solving skills, and are able to understand and evaluate complex information quickly. You have strong project management skills. You are a team player and are client-service oriented. We recruit on an on-going basis so early application is encouraged. What you can expect from Morgan Stanley: At Morgan Stanley, we raise, manage and allocate capital for our clients – helping them reach their goals. We do it in a way that’s differentiated – and we’ve done that for 90 years. Our values - putting clients first, doing the right thing, leading with exceptional ideas, committing to diversity and inclusion, and giving back - aren’t just beliefs, they guide the decisions we make every day to do what's best for our clients, communities and more than 80,000 employees in 1,200 offices across 42 countries. At Morgan Stanley, you’ll find an opportunity to work alongside the best and the brightest, in an environment where you are supported and empowered. Our teams are relentless collaborators and creative thinkers, fueled by their diverse backgrounds and experiences. We are proud to support our employees and their families at every point along their work-life journey, offering some of the most attractive and comprehensive employee benefits and perks in the industry. There’s also ample opportunity to move about the business for those who show passion and grit in their work. To learn more about our offices across the globe, please copy and paste https://www.morganstanley.com/about-us/global-offices into your browser. Morgan Stanley is an equal opportunity employer committed to building and maintaining a workforce that is diverse in experience and background. Our recruiting efforts reflect our strong commitment to a culture of inclusion, where individuals are hired, developed, and advanced based on their skills and talents. Our workforce reflects a broad cross-section of the global communities in which we operate, bringing a variety of backgrounds, talents, perspectives, and experiences. For more information, please visit: https://www.morganstanley.com/people-opportunities/eeo . Job Level Summer Analyst Program Summer Analyst View cookie / data protection and privacy policy twitter linkedin youtube Disclosures Investor Relations Corporate Governance Newsroom Careers © 2026 Morgan Stanley. All rights reserved. Your Privacy Choices Terms of Use Contact Us Global Offices Equal Employment Opportunity