Early careers – M&G plc skip to main content ** 3 Sept 2026 HY Results presentation recording available here 332.18 GBX -8.82 Regulatory Careers Investors Suppliers Media Contact EN English Link to Homepage Link to About us page About us A leading savings and investment company with a long-term outlook Find out more Link to At a glance page Link to Our purpose and values page Link to Our strategy page Link to Our leadership page Link to Over 175 years of innovation page Link to Governance page Link to Procurement page Close Link to How we create value page How we create value Find out more Link to Asset management page Link to M&G investments principles, policies and disclosures page Link to Life page Link to Our core brands page Link to Investing in the UK page Link to Investment stories page Close Link to Investors page Investors A unique and compelling business mix Find out more Link to Our investment case page Link to Results & announcements page Link to Latest results page Link to Annual report page Link to Financial results, reports and presentations archive page Link to Regulatory news page Link to Regulatory returns page Link to Share buyback programme page Link to Shareprice centre page Link to Financial calendar page Link to Shareholder information page Link to AGM page Link to Contact the registrar page Link to Dealing in M&G plc shares page Link to Dividends page Link to Dividend Reinvestment Plan page Link to FAQs page Link to Equity analysts and consensus page Link to Credit investors page Link to Demerger page Link to Investor contacts page Close Link to Sustainability page Sustainability Find out more Link to Our approach to sustainability page Link to Resilient planet page Link to Financing the climate transition page Link to Developing our approach to nature page Link to Corporate environment performance page Link to Resilient societies page Link to Sustainability risk management page Link to Diversity and inclusion page Link to Community investment page Link to Building financial confidence page Link to Building resilient communities page Link to Responsible investing page Link to Prudential Assurance Company page Link to M&G Investments page Sustainability disclosures Link to External assurance page Link to Sustainability reporting hub page Close Link to News & insights page News & insights News from M&G plc. Find out more Link to Press releases page Link to Reframing retirement page Link to M&G Stands For page Link to Views and insights page Link to Group media contacts page Link to Press release archive page Close Link to Careers page Careers A place where you can be exceptional every day Find out more Link to Routes into M&G page Link to Experienced professionals page Link to Career returners page Link to Early careers page Link to Graduate opportunities page Link to Internships page Link to Apprenticeships page Link to Life at M&G page Link to Application process page Search and apply Close About us At a glance Our purpose and values Our strategy Our leadership Over 175 years of innovation Governance Procurement How we create value Asset management M&G investments principles, policies and disclosures Life Our core brands Investing in the UK Investment stories Investors Our investment case Results & announcements Latest results Annual report Financial results, reports and presentations archive Regulatory news Regulatory returns Share buyback programme Shareprice centre Financial calendar Shareholder information AGM Contact the registrar Dealing in M&G plc shares Dividends Dividend Reinvestment Plan FAQs Equity analysts and consensus Credit investors Demerger Investor contacts Sustainability Our approach to sustainability Resilient planet Financing the climate transition Developing our approach to nature Corporate environment performance Resilient societies Sustainability risk management Diversity and inclusion Community investment Building financial confidence Building resilient communities Responsible investing Prudential Assurance Company M&G Investments Sustainability disclosures External assurance Sustainability reporting hub News & insights Press releases Reframing retirement M&G Stands For Views and insights Group media contacts Press release archive Careers Routes into M&G Experienced professionals Career returners Early careers Graduate opportunities Internships Apprenticeships Life at M&G Application process Search and apply M&G sites M&G Investments Customer Financial professionals Corporate Pension Solutions Workplace Pensions Prudential International M&G Platform Our websites Contact Open Search Open Device Menu Close Device Menu Website Search Search Close Button ({{ value }}) M&G sites M&G Investments Customer Financial professionals Corporate Pension Solutions Workplace Pensions Prudential International M&G Platform Contact Early careers Transformative times make this the perfect period to start your career at M&G. Find the right path and imagine where it will take you. Main Content On this page Previous Whats available Graduate opportunities Internships Apprenticeships Next Our graduate, internship and apprenticeship schemes are designed to train and develop the people who could shape the future of our organisation. It doesn’t matter what you’ve studied before – we’re looking for people who demonstrate energy and determination and who are excited to work in a fast-moving workplace. Graduate Schemes View more Apprenticeship Schemes View more Internship Schemes View more Early Careers FAQs View more Hear from our colleagues Insight 17 August 2023 Investing in early careers Investing in early careers Read more Insight 12 April 2023 Championing our Apprenticeship Scheme Championing our Apprenticeship Scheme Read more Insight 28 March 2023 Wearing the apprentice 'badge' has been an honour Wearing the apprentice 'badge' has been an honour Read more Graduate opportunities Why our graduate schemes? Industry-leading mentors and a unique business model emphasising new potential. And that’s just the beginning. Our graduate schemes are open to any degree discipline and start every September. You’ll spend 2-3 years rotating between teams within your scheme – learning our ways, gaining responsibility and exercising your freedom to explore and influence. At the end of the programme, you’ll take on a permanent role in the team that best suits your skills and interests. Learn more Internships What are our internships worth here? The confidence to make decisions that impact millions of people every year. Discover how much our internships can teach. Our summer internship is open to students in their penultimate year of undergraduate studies – whether or not they have knowledge of financial services. You’ll immerse yourself in an eight-week deep-dive, starting with the essential training to help you progress with confidence. If you’re successful, you may be offered a place on an M&G graduate scheme after finishing your final-year studies. Learn more Apprenticeships What can our apprenticeships do for you? Digital or financial. Marketing or HR. You can kickstart almost any career here. Curious about your options? Keep going. You may not know what you want your career to be yet. That’s okay; it’s where we come in. If you’re leaning towards a certain area and you’re motivated to learn in fast-changing business, we can guide you. Our Apprenticeship Programme will help you gain qualifications while earning a salary. Along with sophisticated career insights, commercial mindedness and invaluable life skills. No university needed. Learn more Find out more in our Early Careers FAQs section View more Follow us on social Explore more reasons to join us from the people who know: your future colleagues! Follow us on LinkedIn View profile Follow us on Instagram View profile Follow us on TikTok View profile Quick links About us How we create value Investors News & insights Important information Modern slavery Fraud warning Financial Crime Compliance Whistleblowing Sustainability Disclosures Code of conduct Stay up to date Subscribe to our email alerts for notifications Sign up © M&G plc Privacy Policy Accessibility Legal information Cookies AI Usage Cookie Setting Sitemap Back to top