Media Center | Oliver Wyman Skip to main content We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand Learn More search Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search Highlights Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search search Highlights menu close Media Center Marsh McLennan And Its Businesses Will Brand As Marsh Marsh McLennan will rebrand as Marsh in January 2026 and launch Business and Client Services to drive innovation in data, AI, and analytics. CEOs Of NYSE-Listed Companies Embrace AI As Top Growth Opportunity In The Current Environment, Oliver Wyman Forum Study Finds AI is the key to CEOs optimism Huw Van Steenis On The Need Of Bold Plans For European Banks How will Europe fund the huge sums needed to invest in energy transition, digital infrastructure and defense? An op-ed for the Financial Times. Marsh McLennnan’s Oliver Wyman Launches Quotient, A Global AI Offering To Unlock New Value Across Industries Oliver Wyman unveiled Quotient, a unified global offering combining the firm’s artificial intelligence (AI) expertise and tools. Michael Zeltkevic On Graduate Jobseekers And AI Michael Zeltkevic comments for Financial Times on the opportunities that AI brings to young workforce. Marsh McLennan’s Oliver Wyman Completes Acquisition Of Veritas Total Solutions The combination of Oliver Wyman and Veritas will provide commodity trading businesses with an unparalleled level of trading optimization expertise. Marsh McLennan And Its Businesses Will Brand As Marsh Marsh McLennan will rebrand as Marsh in January 2026 and launch Business and Client Services to drive innovation in data, AI, and analytics. CEOs Of NYSE-Listed Companies Embrace AI As Top Growth Opportunity In The Current Environment, Oliver Wyman Forum Study Finds AI is the key to CEOs optimism Huw Van Steenis On The Need Of Bold Plans For European Banks How will Europe fund the huge sums needed to invest in energy transition, digital infrastructure and defense? An op-ed for the Financial Times. Marsh McLennnan’s Oliver Wyman Launches Quotient, A Global AI Offering To Unlock New Value Across Industries Oliver Wyman unveiled Quotient, a unified global offering combining the firm’s artificial intelligence (AI) expertise and tools. Michael Zeltkevic On Graduate Jobseekers And AI Michael Zeltkevic comments for Financial Times on the opportunities that AI brings to young workforce. Marsh McLennan’s Oliver Wyman Completes Acquisition Of Veritas Total Solutions The combination of Oliver Wyman and Veritas will provide commodity trading businesses with an unparalleled level of trading optimization expertise. Press Releases Featured In... In the News Publisher All Publisher All Publisher All Year 2026 2025 2024 2023 2020 Marsh's Oliver Wyman joins Anthropic’s Claude Partner Network August 27, 2026 Andrew Bainbridge named General Counsel & Chief Compliance Officer of Oliver Wyman and Marsh Management Consulting June 1, 2026 Marsh’s Oliver Wyman announces senior leadership appointments to accelerate AI-enabled integration and transformation May 7, 2026 Marsh’s Oliver Wyman to acquire management consulting firm CR3 Partners May 4, 2026 Amit Mehta joins Oliver Wyman as Senior Advisor April 17, 2026 View More Resources FAQ A brief overview of Oliver Wyman and its industries and capabilities Read More FAQ A brief overview of Oliver Wyman and its industries and capabilities Read More Media Contact Americas: Danielle Arceneaux Asia Pacific: Danielle Arceneaux Europe: Patricia Romero India, Middle East, Africa: Mohaned Mahgoub Media Contact Americas: Danielle Arceneaux Asia Pacific: Danielle Arceneaux Europe: Patricia Romero India, Middle East, Africa: Mohaned Mahgoub Footer XF Risk and insurance Reinsurance and capital People and investments Management consulting We're a global professional service firm bringing together capabilities across risk, reinsurance and capital, people and investments, and management consulting — building the confidence to thrive through the power of perspective. Terms Of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Statement On Accessibility Manage Cookies © 2026 Oliver Wyman, LLC. All Rights Reserved.