Students and graduates | Careers | HSBC Holdings plc Skip to: Skip to Primary navigation Skip to Main content Skip to Footer Menu Who we are Skip to Investors Who we are Founded in 1865, HSBC is one of the world’s largest banking and financial services organisations. Go to this section Main menu Who we are HSBC at a glance Our strategy and values Main menu Who we are Our strategy and values Overview Our strategy Our values Our history Our conduct Our culture Our people Main menu Who we are Our people Introduction Board of directors Senior management Inclusion at HSBC Our customers Our markets HSBC and Digital Main menu Who we are HSBC and Digital Overview HSBC and AI HSBC and Digital Accessibility HSBC and Digital Assets and Currencies HSBC and Quantum HSBC Patents and Research Papers HSBC and Trade HSBC and Wealth HSBC and Sustainability Main menu Who we are HSBC and Sustainability Overview Our Net Zero Transition Plan Supporting our customers Climate Solutions Partnership Sustainability FAQs ESG and responsible business Main menu Who we are ESG and responsible business Introduction ESG reporting centre Governance Tax transparency Fighting financial crime Health and safety Managing risk Working with suppliers Modern Slavery Act OUR STRATEGY AND VALUES Opening up a world of opportunity Close Navigation Investors Skip to News and views Investors Find information about our performance, dividends, and investor events. Go to this section Main menu Investors Investing in HSBC Main menu Investors Investing in HSBC Overview Our investment case Group structure Consensus, buyback updates, and analyst coverage Financial calendar HSBC shareholder updates Results and announcements Main menu Investors Results and announcements Overview All reporting Stock exchange announcements Annual Report Investor events and presentations Shareholder and dividend information Main menu Investors Shareholder and dividend information Overview Manage your shareholding Dividend information and timetable Dividend calculator Scrip dividend AGM and shareholder meetings Share analytics Total share return Investor FAQs HSBC completes privatisation of Hang Seng Bank 滙豐完成恒生銀行私有化 Fixed income investors Main menu Investors Fixed income investors Overview Final terms and supplements Issuance programmes Covered bonds Green Financing Framework Regulatory debt main features Credit ratings Investor alerts Investor contacts Investor information in Chinese - 投資者中文資訊 (opens in new window) OUR INVESTMENT CASE How we deliver long-term value for shareholders Close Navigation News and views Skip to Careers News and views Find the latest news, media releases, opinions, reports, images and videos from HSBC. Go to this section Main menu News and views News Main menu News and views News Latest news Media releases HSBC news archive Views Main menu News and views Views Latest views All topics Trends Media contacts Image library Our brand in action Main menu News and views Our brand in action Overview Sports and arts partnerships We’re there Corners Pivot Turning Point Exchange Seizing Uncertainty MEDIA CONTACTS How journalists can get in touch Close Navigation Careers Skip to Online banking Careers Endless possibilities, diverse outlooks. Build your career at HSBC. Go to this section Main menu Careers Students and graduates Main menu Careers Students and graduates Overview University students and graduates Schools and apprenticeships Events Application guide FAQs Find a programme Life at HSBC Main menu Careers Life at HSBC Overview Meet our people Career development Welcoming diversity Pay and benefits Alumni Our business areas and teams Main menu Careers Our business areas and teams Overview Corporate and Institutional Banking International Wealth and Premier Banking Group Infrastructure Find a job Where we hire Main menu Careers Where we hire Overview Key hiring areas Careers in India Application hints and tips Careers contacts Careers FAQs STUDENTS AND GRADUATES Launch your career, shape your future Close Navigation Online banking Contact Online banking Contact Search Online banking Banking type Toggle dropdown Go Remember me Go You are leaving HSBC.com. Please be aware that the external site policies, or those of another HSBC Group website, may differ from our website terms and conditions and privacy policy. The next site will open in a new browser window. Note: HSBC is not responsible for any content on third party sites, nor does a link suggest endorsement of those sites and/or their content. Learn about online security Close Close online banking panel Search (auto-suggestions will appear below field) Clear text Submit search See all results No results found. Please try a different search term. Close Close search panel Home Careers Students and graduates Your potential. Your path. Your opportunity. Your future. Your company. At HSBC, we don’t expect you to follow a set journey – we’ll support you to create your own. We’re interested in your qualities, not your qualifications. Not where you’ve been so far, but where you’d like to go next. No matter who you are, there’s a place for you here. “ At HSBC, you’ll collaborate and innovate with people from every walk of life, across the world. The opportunities will be as vast as the global network supporting you. ” Click to display more information about video Choose a world of opportunity (duration 0:56) Make an impact from day one, for yourself and others Transcript of Choose a world of opportunity, download Transcript (PDF 78KB) (opens in new window) Transcript ( pdf 78KB) Your path to a great career University students and graduates UK schools and apprenticeships University students and graduates If you’re a university student or recent graduate, our programmes will teach you all the skills you need to shape change and deliver real impact for communities in all corners of the world. Explore our opportunities UK schools and apprenticeships Our apprenticeships for school leavers and career changers offer opportunities to earn while you gain professional qualifications. More information will be coming soon. Explore our opportunities Benefits of working at HSBC Unlock your skills in a supportive, inclusive environment. Reach your potential Whatever your background, there’s a career waiting for you at HSBC. We care about your skills, not what you studied. Through structured development programmes, wellbeing initiatives and flexible working, you’ll be supported to reach your full potential. A career without boundaries Opportunity is everywhere at HSBC – capitalising on it will be in your hands. You’ll have the support of more than 200,000 colleagues and we’ll develop in you the skills you’ll need for a long and thriving career. Where you take it will be up to you. Have impact on a global scale Through our programmes, you’ll be empowered to deliver impact at scale from day one, working with high-profile clients across the world – everything from helping to attract funding for clean tech start-ups, to enabling businesses to enter new markets and securing wealth across generations. Feel the support of a global community You’ll feel the power of partnership from your very first day at HSBC. From mentor and buddy programmes to networking initiatives and resource groups, you’ll build a network of friends and colleagues, so you’ll belong, wherever you want to be. Use our Skills Matcher tool to find the right role for you. Match your skills (opens in new window) Explore careers at HSBC Sales and investments Technology Relationship management Analysis and data Sales and investments Work with financial products and services, making or guiding investment decisions for the bank and its clients, ranging from individuals to some of the world’s biggest organisations. Investment banking Support high profile clients on complex transactions such as mergers, acquisitions and other fund-raising activities to drive their growth. Learn more Trading Work in the fast-paced world of the financial markets, supporting the buying and selling of assets. Learn more Sales and investments Sell our products and services, and/or advise clients ranging from governments and companies of all sizes to high-net-worth and other individuals. Learn more Talent Community Sign up to stay up to date on our opportunities. Join now Technology Work with the latest technology to make banking simpler, faster and safer for over 40 million clients and customers worldwide. Engineering Shape the future of banking tech. Solve real problems and make an impact on a global scale. Learn more Cyber Work with the latest technologies to keep the bank and its customers secure. Learn more Relationship management Manage customer and client relationships in areas across the bank from commercial, to retail and investment banking. Relationship management Manage customer and client relationships in areas across the bank from commercial, to retail and investment banking. Learn more Talent Community Sign up to stay up to date on our opportunities. Join now Analysis and data Consult, advise, and guide internal and external clients and unlock the power of data in informing strategy and decision-making. Data analytics Extract, analyse and interpret data to drive strategic decision-making for the bank. Learn more Business analysis and consulting Shape the future of HSBC with data, insight and creative thinking. Learn more Frequently asked questions View all FAQs Do I need to have studied finance to work for HSBC? No, not at all. We welcome students from all degree disciplines and backgrounds. We’re interested in the skills and unique perspectives you bring, not what you studied. Over 60 per cent of the students that join us don’t have a background in finance and we’re actively working to increase that number. We see the value in teams that contain a broad mix of people from different backgrounds and with different ways of seeing the world. I don’t know anything about banking. How can I work out which programme to apply to? We have a variety of roles ranging from trading to technology, consulting to sales – and everything in-between. If you’re not sure where you might best fit, you can use our Skills Matcher (opens in new window) . Answer a few simple questions about what you enjoy, and we’ll guide you to areas and programmes we think will suit you best. Is working in the finance industry tough? Financial services is a dynamic and exciting area to work in. No day is ever the same. There can be a lot to learn at the beginning, but we have support structures in place to ensure that you succeed; from mentors and buddies, to skills development programmes, resource groups, wellness initiatives and hybrid working. And while the pressure and hours can be intense in roles like trading and investment banking, that’s not the case across the bank. How can I stay up to date on your opportunities? Join our Talent Community (opens in new window) and we’ll send you a monthly email about what’s happening at HSBC and ways to join us. View all FAQs Libby Role: Relationship Management Analyst Joined: 2023 Location: Birmingham, UK Studied: Biology “ Having no knowledge of finance was daunting, but I was encouraged to focus on the skills and perspectives I did bring. ” Share Email a link to this page Share on X Open in new window Share on LinkedIn Open in new window Share on Facebook Open in new window Share on Facebook Messenger Open in new window Share on WhatsApp Open in new window Share Share Email Email a link to this page X Share on X Open in new window LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Open in new window Facebook Share on Facebook Open in new window Facebook Messenger Share on Facebook Messenger Open in new window Whatsapp Share on WhatsApp Open in new window Print Print this page RSS Subscribe to RSS Did you find this page useful? Yes No Why didn't you find this page useful? Boring Poorly written Off-topic Lacks detail Too complex Other Thank you. We appreciate you taking the time to give us feedback. Expand download basket Download basket Download all Open Open basket Close Close basket Download all Remove all Who we are Investors News and views Careers Visit Linkedin (opens in new window) Visit Instagram (opens in new window) Visit Facebook (opens in new window) Visit Youtube (opens in new window) © HSBC Group 2026 Terms and conditions Privacy notice Cookie notice Website accessibility Online security Sitemap Stopping modern slavery ICP 15029387-2 (Chinese only) Shanghai Administration for Industry & Commerce Shanghai Municipal Public Security record No. 31011502400282