KKR Global Select Your Experience KKR Global Learn about KKR's approach, solutions, and insights. This site is for clients, investors, shareholders, career seekers, individuals and portfolio companies. Wealth Professionals Learn about KKR's global wealth solutions. This site is for financial advisors, financial intermediaries, professional/accredited investors, and institutional investors. 404 Error About A leading global investment firm founded in 1976 Learn More History Our People Institutional Investors Global Wealth Family Capital Approach A network of expert resources supporting our investments Learn More Delivering Better Outcomes Ownership Cultures Shared Success Sustainability Invest Delivering asset management, capital markets and insurance solutions to our clients and partners around the world Learn More Private Equity Infrastructure Real Estate Credit Solutions Capital Markets Insurance Strategic Partnerships Insights Our perspectives on today’s markets, investment opportunities, and challenges Learn more Macro Insights Investment Insights Education Investor Relations Media Center Careers Locations Contact FEATURED INSIGHT The Total Portfolio Approach: The Dog Has Caught the Bus Skip to Menu Toggle Button Page Unavailable We're sorry. The page you're looking for cannot be found. Click here to go to the homepage ABOUT History Our People Institutional Investors Global Wealth Family Capital APPROACH Delivering Better Outcomes Ownership Cultures Shared Success Sustainability INVEST Private Equity Infrastructure Real Estate Credit Solutions Capital Markets Insurance Strategic Partnerships Portfolio INSIGHTS Macro Insights Investment Insights Education CAREERS Career Opportunities Student Careers Inclusive Culture Citizenship CLIENT PORTAL INVESTOR RELATIONS MEDIA CENTER STAY CONNECTED: CONTACT US Subscribe Locations Manage Cookies Privacy and Cookies Terms of Use Security and Fraud Compliance Disclosures Accessibility © 2026 Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. All Rights Reserved. Manage Preferences By using this website, you agree to our use of first-party and third-party cookies to enhance functionality and personalize your experience, perform analytics, and serve you with relevant ads, including on third-party websites. You may opt-out by clicking on Manage Preferences. To find out more about the cookies, visit our Cookie PolicyKKR Cookie PolicyManage Preferences AcceptPrivacy Preference CenterWhen you visit KKR websites, they may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device. We use necessary cookies to make our websites work. We also set cookies to help us make improvements by measuring how you use our websites, and to give you a more personalized experience. These will be set unless you opt out below. The information collected does not usually directly identify you. Click on the different category headings below to find out more. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of our websites and the services we are able to offer. For more detailed information about the cookies we use, see the KKR Cookie PolicyAllow All Manage Consent PreferencesStrictly Necessary CookiesAlways ActiveThese cookies are necessary for our websites to function and cannot be switched off. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.Cookies Details‎Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our websites. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the sites.Cookies Details‎Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set on our websites by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertisements on other sites. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience advertising that is less targeted to your interests.Cookies Details‎Back ButtonCookie List Search IconFilter IconClear checkbox label labelApply CancelConsent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelReject All Confirm My Choices