Job Application for Senior Credit Risk Manager, Credit Platform at Monzo Back to jobs Senior Credit Risk Manager, Credit Platform London; Remote (UK) Apply 🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ 📍London or Remote (UK) | 💰 £125,400 - £169,600 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance + Benefits About us: 🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ Hear from our UK team about what it's like working at Monzo ✨ About the team: Our Borrowing (lending) business is growing rapidly across both our existing products and the planned launch of new initiatives. We aim to create a genuine feel-good factor when it comes to personal credit, and we’re looking for driven, analytical and creative individuals to help us achieve this goal. We’re great believers in powerful, real-time analytics and empowering the wider business. All our data lives in one place and is easy to use. Over 90% of day-to-day data-driven decisions are supported through self-serve analytics in Looker, giving analysts the headspace to focus on solving high-impact business problems. Our Credit Platform squad builds the shared infrastructure that powers lending decisioning across Monzo. We develop the core credit valuation (NPV) infrastructure, decisioning capabilities and data foundations that enable our Product Credit teams to develop, evaluate and deploy lending strategies across products and markets. As we scale internationally, our platform is at the heart of delivering consistent, scalable credit capabilities globally. You'll lead a team of five Credit Analysts, shaping the evolution of our platform, pushing the boundaries to unlock the next generation of lending capabilities and drive efficiencies. Join a team where your ideas can rapidly transform into reality, leveraging our cutting-edge technology and agile ways of working. Credit Platform is a cross-functional squad bringing together Credit, Product, Engineering and Data expertise to build shared capabilities that power Borrowing across Monzo. How you’ll contribute: Shape our Credit Platform: Define the roadmap for Monzo's Credit Platform, evolving the shared infrastructure that enables Product Credit teams to develop, evaluate and deploy lending strategies across our retail and business lending products in the UK and new global markets. Build Credit Valuation Infrastructure: Lead the evolution of the infrastructure that supports Monzo's credit valuation capabilities, including our NPV modelling framework, ensuring it is scalable, reliable and enables Product Credit teams to optimise lending economics. Lead and Develop a High-Performing Team: Hire, coach and develop a high-performing team of Credit Analysts, fostering a culture of technical excellence, ownership and continuous improvement while delivering platform capabilities with broad organisational impact. Partner Across Monzo: Work closely with Credit, Engineering, Product, Machine Learning, Data and Risk teams to build platform capabilities that accelerate experimentation, simplify strategy deployment and improve the speed and quality of credit decisioning. Influence Through Technical Leadership: Represent the Credit Platform across Monzo, translating complex technical concepts into clear recommendations for senior leaders and helping shape the future direction of our lending platform. You should apply if: What we’re doing here at Monzo excites you! You are a technical and strategic credit leader with extensive experience in unsecured lending. You understand lending economics inside out , with deep experience in NPV modelling and the infrastructure and frameworks that enable effective credit decisioning You are highly motivated by fast-paced environments , enjoy ambiguity, designing frameworks from scratch, and delivering meaningful change. You are an exceptional cross-functional leader who thrives when partnering with Engineering, Product, Risk, Machine Learning and Credit teams to deliver shared platform capabilities. You have a track record of leading and developing analytical talent , and you are excited by the prospect of leading a high-impact team. You have strong analytical and data capabilities backed up by technical coding skills (SQL is a must-have; Python and Looker experience is a plus). The Interview Process: Our interview process involves 3 main stages. We promise not to ask you any brain teasers or trick questions! Recruiter call Initial call with the hiring manager Final loop of interviews meeting key stakeholders Our average process takes around 3-4 weeks but we will always work around your availability. You will have the chance to speak to our recruitment team at various points during your process but if you do have any specific questions ahead of this please contact us on tech-hiring@monzo.com What’s in it for you: ✈️ We can help you relocate to the UK ✅ We can sponsor visas 📍This role can be based in our London office, but we're open to distributed working within the UK (with ad hoc meetings in London). ⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, at times that suit you and your team. 📚Learning budget of £1,000 a year for books, training courses and conferences ➕And much more, see our full list of benefits here Equal Opportunity Statement We are actively creating an equitable environment for every Monzonaut to thrive. Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we are making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, embracing diversity in all of its forms and fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our blog , 2021 Diversity and Inclusion Report and 2022 Gender Pay Gap Report. We're an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity status or disability status. #LI-COD #LI-REMOTE Equal opportunities for everyone Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our blog , 2026 Diversity and Inclusion Report and 2025 Gender Pay Gap Report. We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status. If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊 Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf If you’d like to, please share your preferred pronouns (eg. they/them/theirs, she/her/hers). If you'd like to, please spell out your name how it's pronounced so we know how to say it. 🔐 Keeping your data safe is really important to us. Please take a look at our Candidate Data Privacy Notice (linked below) and confirm that you have. * Select... 🔗 Candidate Data Privacy Notice . 🛂 Please confirm your Right to Work status in the location where this job is advertised. * Select... We legally have to verify that you have the right to work in the location where you'd be working from. Your answer to this question won't affect the outcome of your application, unless you'd need visa sponsorship but are applying to a role we don't sponsor. Submit application Powered by Greenhouse