Job Application for Senior Service Analyst, Workforce Management at Monzo Back to jobs New Senior Service Analyst, Workforce Management Cardiff, London or Remote (UK) Apply 🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ 📍Remote UK | 💰£40,400 - £51,050 (12 Month Fixed Term Contract) + Benefits ✨ ⭐ Our Workforce Management (WFM) team This is an excellent opportunity to step into a key Senior Service Analyst role on a 12-month fixed-term contract. You'll report to the WFM Service Manager and play a vital role in using data-driven insights to perfectly staff our customer operations and service teams. You will be a strong individual contributor, taking ownership of problems and leading on the design and implementation of solutions from start to finish. We are looking for someone with strong data skills to perform in-depth analysis, automate processes, and create independent Management Information (MI) and dashboards to support operations. You will help us comfortably navigate challenging trade-offs to achieve our goals while giving our customers the best experience possible. 🔑 You'll play a key role in: Executive Communication & Reporting: You will compile data-driven reports that provide key insights and actions for senior stakeholders, including weekly reporting, Monthly Business Reviews (MBRs), Ops Monitoring, and Domain Weekly Business Reviews (WBRs). Data Pipeline & Dashboard Creation: Independently creating fully functional Looker dashboards and developing standalone MI to support the operations teams. In-depth Analysis & Automation: Performing confident root-cause analysis by filtering, merging, and amending complex data across Looker, Anaplan, Airtable, and Google Sheets. You will write efficient SQL code and facilitate automation wherever possible to improve efficiency. Dynamic Burndown Plans: Creating dynamic burndown plans to accurately predict return-to-service dates and forecast when service situations will be fully resolved. Incident Management & Rota: Taking responsibility for managing cross-domain incidents using data-driven and dynamic solutions. You will be on call for incidents as part of a Monday to Friday rota. You may occasionally be asked to work a weekend to support very specific projects, but this is not part of your standard working pattern. Service Deep Dives & Routing: Conducting deep dives to identify gaps between supply and demand, managing task views and routing, and ensuring the right work goes to the right person at the right time. Global Ops Alignment: Working closely with our global ops functions to ensure performance expectations are met and assessing the service impact of proposed changes across various domains. 🤩 We'd love to hear from you if: You have demonstrable experience in service delivery, optimisation, and workforce management within a fast-paced, high-growth environment. You are highly capable of managing a project's entire lifecycle with little oversight, taking accountability for driving solutions and leading implementation. You possess an advanced ability to use Looker and Google Sheets for deep data storytelling and presenting clear findings via Google Slides and Documents. You have experience handling incidents, creating actionable plans, and thinking of dynamic, data-driven solutions. You are comfortable with critical conversations, communicating effectively to a wide range of stakeholders, and coaching those around you to elevate team performance. You have a great understanding of task views, task types, routing, scheduled activities, and workforce optimisation principles. Not ticking every box? That’s totally okay! Studies show that women and people of colour might hesitate to apply unless they meet every single requirement. At Monzo, we’re dedicated to creating a diverse and welcoming team. If you’re passionate about this role and keen to learn and grow with us, we encourage you to apply— even if you don’t have everything that's listed just yet. Drop us your application, we’d love to hear from you! 🙌 What’s in it for you 💰£40,400 - £51,050 (12-Month Fixed Term Contract). 📍This role can be based remotely anywhere in the UK, or our London or Cardiff office. ⏰ You will be on call for incidents as part of a Monday to Friday rota. You may occasionally be asked to work a weekend to support very specific projects, but this is not part of your standard working pattern. 🏡We will set you up to work from home; all employees are given MacBooks and for fully remote workers we will provide extra support for your work-from-home setup. 📚£1,000 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences. ➕ Plus lots more! Read our full list of benefits. 🌈 The application journey has 4 key steps Application Questions Call with a Recruiter Take Home Task Final Stage Interview: Task Presentation + Technical & Values questions 🤖 We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo. You can read them here . We'll only close this advert once we have enough applications. Apply as soon as possible to not miss out! #LI-REMOTE #LI-MY Equal opportunities for everyone Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our blog , 2026 Diversity and Inclusion Report and 2025 Gender Pay Gap Report. We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status. If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊 Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf 🛂 Please confirm your Right to Work status in the location where this job is advertised. * Select... We legally have to verify that you have the right to work in the location where you'd be working from. Your answer to this question won't affect the outcome of your application, unless you'd need visa sponsorship but are applying to a role we don't sponsor. I understand this role is a 12-month Fixed Term Contract 📝 * Select... When are you available to start? * Tell us about a service or operational problem you identified using data. What did you uncover, what action did you take, and what changed as a result? * Which tools have you used to analyse operational data, build MI or dashboards, and automate reporting or processes? Please briefly describe what you built and how it was used. * 🔐 Keeping your data safe is really important to us. Please take a look at our Candidate Data Privacy Notice (linked below) and confirm that you have. * Select... 🔗 Candidate Data Privacy Notice . 🇺🇸 Are you a US Person? * Select... A US Person is defined as someone who: was born in the United States (US) has at least 1 parent who was born in the US is a naturalised citizen of the US is a green card holder is a US tax resident 👤 Identity survey Our goal at Monzo is to make money work for everyone. To do that, working at Monzo must work for everyone. We want to create an equitable, engaged and innovative workplace which gives people from all backgrounds the support they need to thrive and grow. Making Monzo work for everyone starts right at the beginning of every Monzonaut's journey: when they apply to work here. This demographic survey will help us better understand the people who apply to work at Monzo. It'll help us see how different groups progress through our hiring process, and where we need to make improvements to be more inclusive. If you choose to fill it out, all of the information you give us is: Voluntary . And we've included a "prefer not to say" option for every question. It'd be helpful if you still fill out the survey even if you choose "prefer not to say" for every question, as it's useful for us to understand & record this. We won't know if you choose to fill this survey in or not. Anonymous to Monzo . We can't tie your responses to you and they won't make a difference to the outcome of your application. We'll only use grouped responses for equal opportunities monitoring in our hiring process. For more information on how we'll use this data, please read our candidate privacy notice . By filling out this survey, you agree that we can use your responses for the purposes we've mentioned above. You are not letting us know if we need to make any adjustments to the hiring process because of disability or neurodiversity - to do this please email us. How would you describe your gender identity? Select... Do you identify as transgender? Select... What's your sexual orientation? Select... Do you identify as having a disability? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodivergent? Select... How would your describe your ethnicity? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse