EY UK Bank Lending Outlook | EY - UK EY Logo Insights AI Insights Finance Geostrategy People and workforce Risk Sustainability Technology Transformation Services Strategy by EY-Parthenon Strategy Consulting Services Corporate Strategy Geopolitical Strategy Commercial Strategy Working Capital Turnaround and Restructuring Consulting Sustainability Strategy AI Strategy Services Sector Strategy Transactions and Corporate Finance by EY-Parthenon M&A Advisory M&A Integration M&A AI-powered Technology Divestment Strategy Corporate Finance Valuation, Modeling & Economics Due Diligence Services Infrastructure Advisory Transaction Tax Consulting Customer & Growth by EY Studio+ Cyber Incident Resilience and Response Solution Data and decision intelligence CRO (Risk) Supply chain and operations Technology leaders’ agenda Transformation EQ Transformation Platforms People and workforce Change management and experience HR Transformation Services People Mobility Solution Learning and development consulting services Recognition and reward advisory Workforce analytics Assurance Services Technology Risk Audit Climate change and sustainability services Financial accounting advisory services Forensic and Integrity Services The EY private client audit experience Long-term value metrics creation IFRS Tax Tax planning Tax function operations Tax policy and controversy Global trade Global tax reform Tax compliance Transaction Tax Tax services: Designed for private Law Digital law Corporate Law and Transformation Labor and employment law Legal Managed Services Legal Transformation Services Transaction law Technology Technology Managed Services ey.ai The Reimagination Engine EY Audit Technology Tax technology M&A AI-powered Technology Technology transformation Alliances Blockchain EY Managed Services Cybersecurity Managed Services Financial Accounting and Expanded Corporate Reporting Managed Services Legal Managed Services Risk Managed Services Supply Chain and Operations Managed Services Sustainability managed services Tax Managed Services Technology Managed Services EY Private EY Private client experience EY private client audit experience service offerings Tax services: Designed for private Family enterprise IPO Entrepreneurship EY Sustainability Sustainability Strategy Climate change and sustainability services Sustainable finance Supply Chain Transformation Sustainability tax services Legal services Global renewables Climate and decarbonization Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) Services Industries Consumer & Health Consumer Products Health Life Sciences Retail Financial Services Banking & Capital Markets Insurance Wealth & Asset Management Sustainability in Financial Services Fintech and ecosystems Government & Infrastructure Government & Public Sector Infrastructure Education Human services Public finance management Industrials & Energy Aerospace, Defense & Mobility Industrial Products Mining & Metals Oil & Gas and Chemicals Power & Utilities Future mobility Mobility lens suite Transportation Private Equity Digital in private equity Exit readiness PE deal origination Private Equity Portfolio Company Value Creation Services Generative AI services for private equity Technology, Media & Entertainment, Telecommunications Technology, Media & Entertainment, Telecommunications Telecommunications Technology sector As-a-service business operations and transformation TMT business resiliency suite Future network now Capital operations and innovation suite (COInS) Careers What you can do here Careers In Assurance Careers in Business Enablement Careers in Consulting Careers in EY-Parthenon Careers in Tax What it's like to work here Inclusiveness for everyone Personalised career development Total Rewards How to join us Early careers Experienced professionals Job search Early careers Experienced professionals Contingent talent Our locations About us Our purpose Our values Our people EY UK 2025 Impact Report Alumni Newsroom EY Network Locations Connect with us Insights Read more Read less Asking the better questions that unlock new answers to the working world's most complex issues. Read more Read less Explore Trending topics Read more Read less See more Read more Read less See more Read more Read less Spotlight Read more Read less AI insights Sustainability in business Economics EY Center of Board Matters CEO agenda Technology leaders' agenda EY Case studies EY webcasts See more Read more Read less Services Read more Read less EY helps clients create long-term value for all stakeholders. Enabled by data and technology, our services and solutions provide trust through assurance and help clients transform, grow and operate. Read more Read less Explore See more Read more Read less Spotlight Read more Read less ey.ai The Reimagination Engine Strategy, transaction and transformation consulting Technology transformation Tax function operations Climate change and sustainability services EY Ecosystems EY Nexus: business transformation platform Read more Read less Industries Read more Read less Discover how EY insights and services are helping to reframe the future of your industry. Read more Read less Explore See more Read more Read less Case studies Read more Read less Corporate Responsibility How TRANSFORM is helping impact entrepreneurs scale 10 Apr 2026 EY Global Alliances How humanoid robotics are strengthening complex industrial work 16 Mar 2026 EY Global Alliances How IntraBio's finance transformation fueled its global expansion 14 May 2025 EY Global See all Read more Read less Careers Read more Read less Bring your curiosity and ambition. Together, we'll shape your future with confidence. Read more Read less Explore See more Read more Read less Spotlight Read more Read less Early careers Experienced professionals Inclusion for all Personalised careers Technology-fuelled careers Read more Read less About us Read more Read less At EY, our purpose is building a better working world. The insights and services we provide help to create long-term value for clients, people and society, and to build trust in the capital markets. Read more Read less Explore See more Read more Read less Top news Read more Read less Search search Search for insights, services and people... close search See all results for ' ' No results have been found Topics See All General See All People See All Recent Searches Trending When the world shifts overnight, can you operate at the speed of trust? Risk operating models must become strategy-first, trigger-based and governance-forward. Learn how Risk Strategists are leading the way. 05 Mar 2026 Corporate culture How data readiness can enhance private equity exit value Data readiness is now critical to exit value, speed and confidence. Discover why it matters and how to be proactive. 05 Mar 2026 Private Equity How telcos can transform their B2B growth outlook A changing geopolitical environment coupled with rising security needs offer ICT providers new opportunities to reinvigorate their B2B growth. 24 Feb 2026 Telecommunications My EY My EY Select your location Local sites Press release 01 Oct 2026 | London, United Kingdom UK bank lending growth to hit three-year low in 2027 as economic pressures weaken borrowing demand Press contact Victoria Luttig Manager, Media Relations, Ernst & Young LLP Send e-mail to Victoria Luttig Open LinkedIn profile of Victoria Luttig Related topics Financial services Banking & Capital Markets Facebook LinkedIn Link Copied UK bank lending growth is forecast to slow from 3.6% in 2025 to 2.9% this year and then 2.2% in 2027, amid higher energy costs and economic pressures Corporate lending growth is expected to more than halve from 5.3% in 2025 to 2.1% this year, before a modest rise to 2.8% in 2027 Mortgage lending growth is the only category expected to see a rise in 2026, from 3.0% to 3.3%, as lower interest rates support demand, before slowing in 2027 to 2.2% Consumer credit growth is forecast to fall from 3.4% in 2025 to 1.9% this year and 0.4% in 2027, as banks exercise greater caution amid affordability pressures Growth in UK bank lending to households and businesses is forecast to slow markedly over the next two years, from 3.6% in 2025 to 2.9% this year, and to a three-year low of 2.2% in 2027, according to the new EY UK Bank Lending Outlook. The forecast comes amid renewed tensions in the Middle East, and with higher energy costs and weaker economic activity weighing on demand. Corporate borrowing is likely to be most impacted, with lending growth expected to more than halve this year – from 5.3% in 2025 to 2.1% – as firms take a more cautious approach to investment. However, renewed spending on strategic projects should support an uplift from next year, with the forecast rising to 2.8% in 2027 and 3.9% in 2028. Mortgage lending remains comparatively resilient, after interest rates and inflation fell back last year, with growth expected to rise marginally from 3.0% in 2025 to 3.3% in 2026. However, rising unemployment, slower income growth and interest rates remaining higher for longer are then forecast to reduce growth to 2.2% in 2027. Martina Keane , EY UK & Ireland Financial Services Leader, comments: “Ongoing geopolitical tensions continue to create uncertainty for businesses in the UK. While the bank lending forecast reflects the impact of global economic challenges, it is important to keep this in perspective, with growth still set to continue across all major categories. The UK banking sector remains resilient and well-positioned to navigate this period of slower activity and banking leaders should remain focused on the longer-term picture, while being ready to adapt quickly should conditions change. “At the same time, prolonged economic uncertainty means changing customer needs – households may look for greater financial flexibility, while businesses often take a more targeted approach to investment. As banks support customers through these near-term pressures, those who continue to invest in AI, emerging technology and broader transformation programmes to tailor their services will be best positioned to capitalise on future opportunities as the economy strengthens.” UK corporate lending growth to slow sharply, before a modest uplift from 2027 Following growth of 5.3% in 2025, bank lending to businesses is forecast to more than halve to 2.1% this year as higher costs and economic uncertainty weigh on investment demand. From 2027, stronger spending on AI and wider digital technology is expected to support an uptick in corporate lending growth to 2.8%, before rising again to 3.9% in 2028. Corporate borrowing has remained subdued since its historical peak in 2008, reflecting a long-term shift in the lending market since the global financial crisis. Despite a significant slowdown this year, the central forecast expects an average growth rate of 2% - 4% over the next five years, above the average over the previous decade (2015-2025), as continued business investment appetite keeps credit demand healthy. Read more Read less Non-financial corporate debt, annual growth % 2007-2028 Corporate write-off rates are expected to remain low, reflecting the relatively low-risk nature of recent lending, and are forecast to fall from 0.18% in 2025 to 0.17% in 2026, 0.16% in 2027 and 0.14% in 2028. UK mortgage lending growth to rise this year, but ease from 2027, as housing demand weakens Mortgage lending growth is forecast to increase slightly from 3.0% in 2025 to 3.3% this year, making it the only major lending segment with expected growth acceleration in 2026. This reflects the easing in interest rates in the second half of 2025. However, higher unemployment and slower income growth are expected to weaken housing demand thereafter, with mortgage lending growth forecast to dip to 2.2% in both 2027 and 2028. Read more Read less Household mortgage debt, annual growth % 2007-2028 Mortgage write-off rates have risen steadily since 2022 as households have moved from lower-rate fixed deals to higher monthly repayments. With much of this refinancing adjustment now complete, rates are forecast to increase only marginally, from 0.008% in 2025 to 0.010% in 2026 and 0.011% in 2027, before easing to 0.010% in 2028, remaining low by historical standards. UK consumer credit growth to slow as household finances come under pressure UK unsecured consumer credit growth, which has been rising since 2022 as households borrowed to meet higher living costs, is now forecast to moderate to just 1.9% in 2026, down from 3.4% in 2025. Rising unemployment and slower income growth are expected to make households more cautious about taking on debt, while lenders are also likely to become more selective as affordability pressures increase. This subdued credit demand is expected to persist, with consumer credit growth forecast to slow further to 0.4% in 2027, before rising slightly to 0.7% in 2028. Read more Read less Consumer credit, annual growth % 2007-2028 Consumer credit write-off rates are expected to remain contained, rising only slightly from 0.82% in 2025 to 0.88% in both 2026 and 2027, driven by increased unemployment, before falling back to 0.82% in 2028. Dan Cooper , EY UK & Ireland Head of Banking and Capital Markets, concludes: “The moderation in lending activity is broad-based, as households and businesses become more cautious in response to economic uncertainty and higher costs. Business investment, housing activity and consumer borrowing are all anticipated to remain subdued in the near term. Importantly though, write-off rates are expected to remain low and stable across all categories, suggesting slower demand rather than a deterioration in credit quality. “The UK’s banks enter this period from a position of strength, having built robust capital positions, greater resilience, and disciplined risk management. This means they are well-placed to support customers while continuing to invest for the future, so they are ready to meet demand as the economy stabilises and borrowing appetite returns.” Notes to editors: The central forecast is based on the latest EY UK Economic Outlook . If conflict in the Middle East escalates further and no ceasefire agreement is possible until early 2027, higher oil prices and inflation could push the UK economy into recession in late 2026 and early 2027. Bank lending growth would then be expected to rise temporarily this year, as households and businesses borrow to manage higher costs, before falling to potentially as low as -0.4% in 2028, as affordability pressures, and weaker confidence reduce investment and demand. About EY Bank Lending Outlook The EY UK Bank Lending Outlook is produced using the National Institute Global Econometric Model (NiGEM) software and is conditioned on the economic forecasts contained within the Summer 2026 EY UK Economic Outlook. The NiGEM economic model is the property of the National Institute of Economic and Social Research (NIESR) and NiGEM is a Trademark of the Institute https://www.niesr.ac.uk . The EY UK Bank Lending Outlook forecasts UK bank lending to households and non-financial corporates. It covers UK-regulated institutions that take deposits and includes central and adverse economic scenarios. Read more Read less Related news Switch to previous page Switch to next page EY logo Legal and privacy Modern slavery statement Connect with us Our locations My EY Site map Read more Read less Open Facebook profile Open LinkedIn profile Open Youtube profile EY refers to the global organization, and may refer to one or more, of the member firms of Ernst & Young Global Limited, each of which is a separate legal entity. Ernst & Young Global Limited, a UK company limited by guarantee, does not provide services to clients. Welcome to EY uk (en) You are visiting EY uk (en) uk en