Digital Futures Training Programme - Digital Futures Launch your career in data and AI. Play film Scroll for more FAQs Apply now THE DATA AND AI ACADEMY Your gateway to a career in data and AI. Through immersive, instructor-led training at the Digital Futures Data and AI Academy, you’ll gain the technical, consulting, and practical skills needed for success in today’s data and AI roles. After earning two industry certifications, you’ll become a Digital Futures consultant, working with our clients - ready to make an impact in the fast-growing world of data and AI. Your AI journey starts here Learn Develop advanced data and AI skills through a 10-week structured, instructor-led training programme at the Digital Futures Academy. Deliver Leverage your skills to address complex, real-world challenges and deliver innovative, impactful solutions for our clients as a consultant. Lead Become a leader, providing strategic guidance to client teams and driving project success to enable AI transformation. Learn Develop advanced data and AI skills through a 10-week structured, instructor-led training programme at the Digital Futures Academy. Deliver Leverage your skills to address complex, real-world challenges and deliver innovative, impactful solutions for our clients as a consultant. Lead Become a leader, providing strategic guidance to client teams and driving project success to enable AI transformation. Consultant Stories Alexander Mudd | Digital Futures Consultant “ My experience with Digital Futures has been fantastic has been so good for my career – within two years, I’ve gone into two different industries, in two different job roles in two different cities.” How it works Assessment At Digital Futures, we value potential over experience. Our three-part online assessment measures your core strengths, cognitive ability, and aptitude through written, mathematical, and Python challenges. We provide tailored resources to help you complete the coding component, whatever your level of Python knowledge. Successful applicants move on to a screening interview and then a final technical interview with one of our instructors. These are two-way conversations that help us assess your fit for the programme – and give you the chance to explore our culture and share your passion for a career in AI. Training Start your journey with 10-weeks of free, immersive training at our Academy. You will begin to master the core technologies, languages and frameworks you need to start your first role in data and AI. The training covers: – AI and Data Essentials – Core Insight Analytics – Programmatic Data Wrangling – Leading Change – Agentic Orchestration – Ethics in AI Consultancy skills are embedded throughout the training, ensuring you’re ready to deliver high-value solutions and integrate into client teams from day one. Certification All the training is underpinned by industry-aligned certifications. Supported by our technology partners, all trainees will gain: – Generative AI Leader (GAIL) from Google Cloud Platform – Certified Entry-Level Data Analyst with Python (PCED) from the Python Institute The cost of certifications is covered by Digital Futures as part of the immersive training. Deployment Start your career in tech as a Digital Futures consultant. After gaining your industry certification, we’ll identify and secure deployment opportunities for you with our clients on an ongoing basis, providing full support as you prepare for client interviews. Once you pass your first client interview, you’ll join Digital Futures full-time as a consultant. As your experience grows, you will have the opportunity to be deployed across a range of client organisations, gaining exposure to different industries, teams, and projects. Throughout your time on client site, your dedicated Delivery Manager will provide continuous support and mentoring to help you excel in your career. Step into the tech workforce AI Engineer Create and deploy innovative, human-centred AI applications - from chatbots to data-driven systems - that transform how businesses use large language models. AI Analyst Use data and machine learning insights to evaluate, optimise, and guide intelligent systems that help businesses make smarter, evidence-based decisions. Data Analyst Turn raw data into meaningful insights, helping businesses make informed decisions through analysis, visualisation, and storytelling with data. Data Engineer Design and build the systems that collect, process, and organise data, enabling analysts and AI systems to turn information into actionable insights. Apply today Ready to start your application to the Data and AI Academy? Apply now FAQs Home Partner with us Athena AI™ Join us Frontier AI programme About us Insights Case Studies Follow us Subscribe to newsletter Submit © 2026 | Digital Futures Policies | Sitemap | Privacy settings | Subscribe