Job Application for Lead Product Designer at Monzo Back to jobs Lead Product Designer Cardiff, London or Remote (UK) Apply 🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ 📍London (Hybrid) / UK Remote | 💰 £90,000 - £120,000 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance + Benefits ⭐Our Design team We’re a team of 115+ designers, researchers, and brand experts led by Chief Design Officer Vuokko Aro. We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. Product Design makes up almost half of our design disciplines, working in tight-knit squads alongside research, product, and engineering to solve real customer problems at scale. We design for the "magic moments" We’ve built a bank that feels human, not just functional. Our product is our personality. We blend research, empathy, and craft to turn everyday interactions into memorable experiences. Right now, we’re growing fast and looking for passionate designers to shape Monzo’s future and there’s a huge opportunity to make your mark. Applying to this role, you’ll be in a standard hiring process for a Lead Product Designer, and we’ll find the perfect team for you along the way. 🔑You’ll play a key role by... Tackling the most complex and ambiguous design challenges, turning complexity into elegant, scalable solutions that empower teams and improve the customer experience. Defining and delivering large-scale projects that connect initiatives across the business, using design methods to align strategies and drive impactful outcomes. Leading the creation of compelling product visions, principles, and direction that inspire teams to build toward a shared future. Using AI to level-up parts of your design workflow. Whether that’s ideation, analysis, prototyping or shipping production code to our app. Raising the bar for visual execution, considering motion, interaction, and mental model clarity to deliver delightful and practical solutions. Positively influencing our design system, tooling, and processes to improve how we create design at scale. Driving improvements across the business by connecting your work to wider goals and leveraging cross-functional collaboration. Acting as a role model in Design, sharing your work broadly, mentoring others, and contributing to the growth and success of the Design team. 🤩 We’d love to hear from you if… You have a proven track record of delivering impactful, customer-centric native-app designs that solve complex problems and drive commercial outcomes. You’re skilled at leading research, defining product visions, and aligning teams around a shared strategy. You excel at creating modular, scalable solutions and have a strong grasp of how to use design artefacts to communicate insights effectively. You’re a natural collaborator who can navigate multi-squad projects, align leadership, and drive clarity in ambiguous situations. You’re passionate about improving design systems, processes, and ways of working to help teams deliver better outcomes at scale. You’re a role model who actively contributes to the growth of the Design team through hiring, mentoring, and fostering a positive culture. You’re excited about Monzo’s mission to make money work for everyone and are ready to make a significant impact on our customers and business. 🙌What’s in it for you 💰 £90,000 - £120,000 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance ✈️ We’ll help you relocate to the UK. ✅ We can sponsor your visa. 📍This role can be based in our London office, but we're open to distributed working within the UK (with ad hoc meetings in London). ⏰We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team. 📚£1,000 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences. 🏡We will set you up to work from home; all employees are given Macbooks and for fully remote workers we will provide extra support for your work-from-home setup. ➕ Plus lots more! 🌈 The application journey has 3 key steps 30-minute call with our Recruiter 1-hour craft interview where you’ll present a single case study to 2 members of our Design team 2 x 45-minute interviews covering Teamwork and Impact This process should take around 4 weeks - your schedule is really important to us, so we promise to be as flexible as possible! We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo. You can read them here. We’ll only close this role once we have enough applications for the next stage. Please submit your application as soon as possible to make sure you don’t miss out. #LI-TR1 #LI-Remote Equal opportunities for everyone Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our blog , 2026 Diversity and Inclusion Report and 2025 Gender Pay Gap Report. We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status. If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊 Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf 🇺🇸 Are you a US Person? * Select... A US Person is defined as someone who: was born in the United States (US) has at least 1 parent who was born in the US is a naturalised citizen of the US is a green card holder is a US tax resident 🔐 Keeping your data safe is really important to us. Please take a look at our Candidate Data Privacy Notice (linked below) and confirm that you have. * Select... 🔗 Candidate Data Privacy Notice . If you’d like to, please share your preferred pronouns (eg. they/them/theirs, she/her/hers). If you'd like to, please spell out your name how it's pronounced so we know how to say it. Have you worked in a cross-functional team alongside Research, Product & Engineering? * Select... Have you designed end-to-end experiences for mobile native apps? * Select... Please share a link to your updated portfolio (including a password if this is password protected). * 🛂 Please confirm your Right to Work status in the location where this job is advertised. * Select... We legally have to verify that you have the right to work in the location where you'd be working from. Your answer to this question won't affect the outcome of your application, unless you'd need visa sponsorship but are applying to a role we don't sponsor. 👤 Identity survey Our goal at Monzo is to make money work for everyone. To do that, working at Monzo must work for everyone. We want to create an equitable, engaged and innovative workplace which gives people from all backgrounds the support they need to thrive and grow. Making Monzo work for everyone starts right at the beginning of every Monzonaut's journey: when they apply to work here. This demographic survey will help us better understand the people who apply to work at Monzo. It'll help us see how different groups progress through our hiring process, and where we need to make improvements to be more inclusive. If you choose to fill it out, all of the information you give us is: Voluntary . And we've included a "prefer not to say" option for every question. It'd be helpful if you still fill out the survey even if you choose "prefer not to say" for every question, as it's useful for us to understand & record this. We won't know if you choose to fill this survey in or not. Anonymous to Monzo . We can't tie your responses to you and they won't make a difference to the outcome of your application. We'll only use grouped responses for equal opportunities monitoring in our hiring process. For more information on how we'll use this data, please read our candidate privacy notice . By filling out this survey, you agree that we can use your responses for the purposes we've mentioned above. You are not letting us know if we need to make any adjustments to the hiring process because of disability or neurodiversity - to do this please email us. How would you describe your gender identity? Select... Do you identify as transgender? Select... What's your sexual orientation? Select... Do you identify as having a disability? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodivergent? Select... How would your describe your ethnicity? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse