Skills for getting a job: graduate careers advice | targetjobs targetjobs Skip to content Jobs All jobs & opportunities Graduate jobs & schemes All graduate jobs & schemes Accounting Banking Business & management Charity & public sector Construction & property Consulting Creative arts & design Engineering Finance Hospitality, sport, leisure & tourism HR IT Marketing, advertising & PR Media & journalism Medical & healthcare Procurement & supply chain Sales, retail & commercial services Science & R&D Surveying Teaching & education Internships All internships Accounting internships Engineering internships Finance internships IT internships Investment banking internships Law Graduate jobs Pupillages Training contracts Vacation schemes Placements Popular locations Belfast Birmingham Bristol Cardiff Edinburgh Leeds London Manchester Advice Getting started I'm looking for ideas Getting started Careers guides & directories Job descriptions Explore career options School leavers I'm looking for a job Finding a job CV & cover letter templates CVs, applications & tests Interviews & assessment centres Job offers & working life Internships Apply with confidence Advice by sector Accountancy, banking & finance Business, consulting & management Charity Construction & property Creative arts, media & design Engineering HR & recruitment Healthcare Hospitality & event management Information Technology Law Marketing, advertising & PR Public services & administration Retail Sales Teaching & education Science & research Travel & tourism Short courses Search advice Employers See who's hiring UK 300 most popular employers Search employers Events targetjobs events & competitions Festival of Law New Undergraduate of the Year Awards Webinars & partner events Search events Study Develop your skills Skills for getting a job Course providers Postgraduate study Pathways GradSims AI Tools Search Log in Post a job Careers advice > Skills for getting a job Skills for getting a job Discover the skills that major graduate employers seek and how you can demonstrate them on your application form, and at interviews and assessment centres. Search all advice Jump to: Stack your skills toolkit The skills all graduates need In-depth guides Managing job-hunting stress Skills development courses Meet employers and improve your skills Career-specific competencies Stack your skills toolkit How do you know what skills employers are looking for? Sometimes it’s obvious, for example if you’re applying for a graduate job that requires particular technical skills. But what about the employers asking for a ‘well-rounded candidate’? This area of targetjobs can help you discover the top skills a recruiter will likely be hoping to see you demonstrate during the application process for a graduate role. But if you want to skip straight to job searching, head to our vacancy listings: internships | graduate schemes | graduate jobs | all opportunities . TRENDING IN Skills for getting a job 1 A career in sustainability consulting at PwC: making positive change happen every day Save 2 Resilience: the ability to cope with setbacks Save 3 Problem solving: the mark of an independent employee Save Covering the fundamentals The skills all graduates need You may not realise it, but you’re probably in possession of a fine set of skills that you’ll have developed during your time at university, through extracurricular activities or at part-time jobs. Before you apply for a graduate role, take some time to consider our list of the top ten skills employers want – it’s likely you’ll feel reassured. Skills most sought Your skills workshop In-depth guides Business-focused skills Leadership potential Interpersonal skills Skills via work experience Get ahead in business Recognise and develop the skills that will help you to forge a path in the business world. View all advice What is commercial awareness? Skills and competencies Graduates with good commercial awareness are conscious of how economic and political trends can impact on their chosen industry and the employers they have applied to. Save Creativity: graduate recruiters like fresh thinking Skills and competencies Different graduate professions require creative thinking in different ways: find out how best to demonstrate your creativity throughout the recruitment process. Save Customer service skills and how to demonstrate them Skills and competencies Customer service skills are vital for graduates seeking a job in many different sectors. Find out what customer service skills are and how to demonstrate them to prospective employers. Save Enterprise and entrepreneurial skills: seizing opportunities and seeing them through Skills and competencies Graduates with strong enterprise skills can spot an opportunity and use their initiative to make the most of it. Incorporate an enterprising mindset into your job hunt. Save Looking after yourself Managing job-hunting stress Many graduate recruiters will be looking for evidence of resilience in candidates, as the ability to deal with unforeseen circumstances is essential in most jobs. However, developing greater resilience will also help you during the graduate job hunt, where you’ll probably experience setbacks and challenges among the wins. What goes hand in hand with resilience? Developing your ability to 'roll with the punches' and adapt to situations. Our deep-dive guides to resilience and adaptability will get you on the right track. Free e-learning for students Skills development courses If you learn by doing, you’ll love our interactive mini-courses, Pathways. You’ll find modules devoted to the most sought-after employability skills, including commercial awareness, entrepreneurship, teamworking, and problem solving. You can also explore some of the hottest job roles out there, including social media manager and UX designer. Browse all Pathways Employer events Meet employers and improve your skills targetjobs runs events throughout the year that allow you to meet employers, find out more about graduate job roles, gain advice from leading professionals and develop skills through interactive workshops. Attending employers actively want to hire interns and graduates from our events. View all events Skills for sectors Career-specific competencies Some graduate roles call for specific skills in new starters; discover what these are so that you can further develop and hone them if necessary. What skills do engineering employers look for? Skills and competencies You need to show engineering recruiters that you have the skills they’re looking for. These five competencies are at the top of engineering employer's wish lists. Engineering Save Prove you've got the soft skills IT professionals need Skills and competencies Impressive technical skills are all very well, but if you can't work effectively as a team or communicate concepts to clients, how does that help your employer’s business? IT graduates need ‘soft skills’ too. Save 12 skills that consulting recruiters want in graduates Skills and competencies Discover the top skills you will need to become a management consultant and learn how to demonstrate them in your applications. Management consulting + 2 Save The skills that will get you a graduate job in marketing Skills and competencies Marketing is one of the most popular graduate jobs you’ll come across. For this reason, you'll need to impress graduate recruiters. If you’ve got a good mix of soft skills, academic ability and determination, you are well on the way to securing a marketing graduate job. Marketing, advertising & PR + 9 Save The top skills you need to be a solicitor Skills and competencies Show law recruiters you have what it takes to be a successful solicitor by including these essential skills in your applications. Law solicitors + 1 Save Must-have skills for graduate careers in government Advice Public sector recruiters are on the look-out for graduates with top-notch skills and management potential. We explain why certain abilities are so valuable – and how you can demonstrate them. Charity, public & civil service + 9 Save The top seven soft skills all construction, engineering and surveying graduates need Interviews and assessment centres What are the top skills assessed at construction interviews and assessment days – and what qualities will help you have a successful career? Property, construction & QS + 9 Save FAQs What skills should I learn? What skills should I put on my CV? What are soft skills? Latest advice Search all advice More careers advice Browse by category Advice for school leavers Discover the world of options open to you on finishing school or college and get tips on how to make the right decision for you. CVs, applications and tests Find the tools and tips you need to help you apply for graduate jobs or internships. We cover every aspect of the application process, from writing a CV to answering online application questions and sitting psychometric tests. Career ideas Find advice for figuring out your dream career, including what options are available to you after graduating and how to choose the right graduate role. Finding a job Finding a job isn’t always as easy as it sounds. Here we help you to jump potential hurdles, giving essential advice for home and international students: from applying in tough economic times to getting a top graduate job with a 2.2. Internships Completing an internship allows you to sharpen your skills, improve your CV, prepare for the world of work and potentially land yourself a graduate job. Discover what internships actually involve, how to apply for them and how to make the most of them.  Interviews and assessment centres You impressed on paper; now it’s time to show the employer in person that you’re the right hire. Learn how to do this with our expert advice for answering interview questions, developing interview techniques and acing assessment centre exercises. Job descriptions Discover the qualifications, skills and experience you’ll need for more than 300 job roles and find one you’ll love. Job offers and working life Job offers, rejection emails and stepping into the working world with your first graduate job can pull you in a million directions. Fortunately, we’ve curated advice on how to accept job offers, bounce back from rejection and make an impact in your first job. Skills for getting a job Discover the skills that major graduate employers seek and how you can demonstrate them on your application form, and at interviews and assessment centres. University life Wanting to leave uni with a degree is a given. But what do you want from the other bits of student life? Discover how to combine study, rest, work and play with our insights from students and graduates. advice by sector Which career interests you? Accountancy, banking and finance Business, consulting and management Charity Construction and property Creative arts, media and design Engineering HR and recruitment Healthcare Hospitality and event management Information technology Law Marketing, advertising and PR Public services and administration Retail Sales Science Teaching Travel and tourism targetjobs We've got you Get the latest jobs, internships, careers advice, courses and graduate events based on what's important to you. Start connecting directly with top employers today. Join targetjobs targetjobs Legal Legal Privacy policy Terms and conditions for employers Terms and conditions for students About our cookies Manage cookie settings Accessibility GTI Sites GTI Sites targetjobsawards.co.uk undergraduateoftheyear.com targetapprenticeships.co.uk gradireland.com cibyl.com groupgti.com Useful Links Useful Links About us Sitemap Graduate jobs & schemes Organisation A-Z Career advisers - how to get involved Are you hiring? Careers guides and publications CV and covering letter templates Follow Us Follow Us Facebook LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Instagram TikTok © Copyright 2026 GTI Futures Ltd. Registered in England No. 2347472. First Floor, 240 Blackfriars Road, London, SE1 8NW, UK. v1.6.103