Job Application for Senior Marketing Manager, EU Business Banking at Monzo Back to jobs Senior Marketing Manager, EU Business Banking London Apply 🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ 📍London (UK) | 💰£78,000 - £98,000 + Benefits | We're looking for a Senior Marketing Manager to join our EU Expansion Team to lead campaign strategy and execution to help us get our new markets live. We are expanding Monzo Business Banking across the EU. You’ll own the tactical rollout of our alpha, beta, and mass-market launches. Working closely with our central Product and Marketing channels, you’ll ensure all touchpoints - from the website and CRM to creative and messaging - are built, localized, and ready to go. You will act as the crucial link between our central teams and our local country Marketing Leads to set every new market up for success. Key Responsibilities Go-to-Market Launch & Marketing: Executing and helping build a plan for Business Banking launches in new markets, including media/channel strategies, communication tactics, and integrated marketing campaigns. Integrated Marketing across channels: Developing and implementing marketing plans across multiple channels, including digital, social, and traditional media. Creative problem-solver: Working with the team to market to a new audience and find innovative ways to grow the brand. Tackling ambiguity: You can take away ambiguous business problems or customer challenges and come up with a plan to tackle them. Keeping everyone aligned: In a fast-moving expansion, you think ahead and communicate ahead of time, setting a rhythm of updates and anticipating stakeholder questions. Working with Creative and Media agencies: Partnering with best in class agencies and own day to day agency management. Media and Communications: Working in partnership with our Communications Team to execute on strategies to build brand awareness and drive engagement. Stakeholder Management: Working with stakeholders within Monzo to align marketing efforts with overall business objectives. Brand Consistency: Upholding Monzo's brand identity and values while adapting to the nuances of the local market. Ensure consistency in messaging and branding across all touchpoints. Reporting: Working with data teams to report frequently on key metrics, providing insights and actions. Regulatory Compliance: Navigating the regulatory landscape in Italy to ensure all marketing activities adhere to local regulation We’d love to hear from you if… You have a proven track record of launching new products or entering new markets, and have owned medium-sized projects that required cross-team collaboration and have delivered them successfully. You're hands-on and comfortable executing campaigns, building websites, and configuring CRM journeys. You’re comfortable working in complex environments. You have experience working on hard problems or in fast-paced, dynamic teams. You’ve worked with lots of people at different levels and disciplines. You cut through complexity quickly. You’re happy being accountable for results. You have a track record of achieving ambitious business results, and you’re comfortable being assessed on that basis. You know how to prioritise your work for maximum impact. You are a self-starter and have a proactive, positive attitude and love turning complex, moving parts into a seamless customer launch experience. Experience in tech or finance for sole traders or SMBs is a huge plus. The Interview Process Our interview process involves three main stages: Introduction call with a member of the hiring team (30 minutes) Initial call with the hiring manager (30 minutes) Role specific interview (45 minutes) & a cross-functional collaboration and behavioural interview (45 minutes) This process should take around 3-4 weeks - your schedule is really important to us, so we promise to be as flexible as possible! We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo. You can read them here. You’ll hear from us throughout the application process, but if you’ve got any questions, please reach out to hiring@monzo.com. You can also use this email address to let us know if there’s anything we can do to make the process easier for you because of disability, neurodiversity or anything else. What’s in it for you: £78,000 - £98,000 as a base salary This role will be based out of our London office next to Liverpool Street station in a hybrid approach of office based and home working We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, at times that suit you and your team. Learning budget of £1,000 a year for books, training courses and conferences And much more, see our full list of benefits here We’ll only close this role once we have enough applications for the next stage. Please submit your application as soon as possible to make sure you don’t miss out. #LI-JB1 Equal opportunities for everyone Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our blog , 2026 Diversity and Inclusion Report and 2025 Gender Pay Gap Report. We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status. If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊 Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Tell us about a product, proposition or market launch you’ve helped bring to life. What did you personally own, what was the biggest challenge you had to work through, and what impact did your work have? * 🇺🇸 Are you a US Person? * Select... A US Person is defined as someone who: was born in the United States (US) has at least 1 parent who was born in the US is a naturalised citizen of the US is a green card holder is a US tax resident 🔐 Keeping your data safe is really important to us. Please take a look at our Candidate Data Privacy Notice (linked below) and confirm that you have. * Select... 🔗 Candidate Data Privacy Notice . If you’d like to, please share your preferred pronouns (eg. they/them/theirs, she/her/hers). If you'd like to, please spell out your name how it's pronounced so we know how to say it. 🛂 Please confirm your Right to Work status in the location where this job is advertised. * Select... We legally have to verify that you have the right to work in the location where you'd be working from. Your answer to this question won't affect the outcome of your application, unless you'd need visa sponsorship but are applying to a role we don't sponsor. 👤 Identity survey Our goal at Monzo is to make money work for everyone. To do that, working at Monzo must work for everyone. We want to create an equitable, engaged and innovative workplace which gives people from all backgrounds the support they need to thrive and grow. Making Monzo work for everyone starts right at the beginning of every Monzonaut's journey: when they apply to work here. This demographic survey will help us better understand the people who apply to work at Monzo. It'll help us see how different groups progress through our hiring process, and where we need to make improvements to be more inclusive. If you choose to fill it out, all of the information you give us is: Voluntary . And we've included a "prefer not to say" option for every question. It'd be helpful if you still fill out the survey even if you choose "prefer not to say" for every question, as it's useful for us to understand & record this. We won't know if you choose to fill this survey in or not. Anonymous to Monzo . We can't tie your responses to you and they won't make a difference to the outcome of your application. We'll only use grouped responses for equal opportunities monitoring in our hiring process. For more information on how we'll use this data, please read our candidate privacy notice . By filling out this survey, you agree that we can use your responses for the purposes we've mentioned above. You are not letting us know if we need to make any adjustments to the hiring process because of disability or neurodiversity - to do this please email us. How would you describe your gender identity? Select... Do you identify as transgender? Select... What's your sexual orientation? Select... Do you identify as having a disability? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodivergent? Select... How would your describe your ethnicity? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse