Discover a Career in Expertise and Insights | BCG Careers skip this widget Home TEAMS Expertise and Insights Expertise and Insights Apply your industry expertise and research skills to advance bold ideas that transform businesses and industries around the globe. Search Our Expertise and Insights Jobs Go Beyond Data With Our Careers in Expertise and Insights Join our powerhouse team of experts who are seamlessly embedded within our practice areas and markets to drive extraordinary impact. You will provide cutting-edge expertise, proprietary assets, actionable data, and transformative insights that empower both our clients and internal BCG teams to thrive. Why Join BCG? Grow Your Career With a Personalized Plan By its nature, our global career framework encourages growth through exploration across topics, practices, and locations. We also offer our talent personalized development plans that include learning sessions, project opportunities, and coaching. read katie's blog Access World-Class Learning Programs Our aim is to be the best place for our people to grow and thrive. Through our personalized career-step programs, our vast repository of learning resource modules, and our apprenticeship culture, we facilitate continuous learning for employees. learn more Take Advantage of Flexible Working Opportunities How, where, and when people work is not a one-size-fits-all approach. From reduced working hours to hybrid work and more, we empower BCGers to define their work environment and patterns to suit personal, client, and business needs. learn more Disable Audio Description Enable Audio Description Transcript Step Into a Day in the Life of a Manager at BCG Vantage Embark on a journey with BCG Vantage and get a glimpse of the dynamic and impactful work our managers do on a daily basis. Discover Why BCGers Love Working Here “What stood out to me upon joining, and remains true to this day 5 years after joining the firm, is the culture at BCG. BCG fosters a culture unlike any other. We are inclusive, passionate, driven, curious and all work to emulate and drive forward that culture (regardless of position, tenure, seniority).” Emma Crockett Senior Manager BCG Vantage “BCG has given me so many opportunities to grow my capabilities, meet amazing colleagues, and learn new things every day. I'm so proud to be part of the firm.” Elizabeth Lerner HR Business Partner Director Global Businesses & Functions “If you are someone interested in creating impactful solutions to some of the most challenging problems, and you wish to work with some of the most driven, intelligent, insightful and empathetic people, then you should want to work at BCG!” Paul Catchlove Global Senior Director BCG Vantage Learn More About the BCGers On Our Team My Career Transition From Consultant to BCG Vantage Joanne Nan Zhang joined BCG Singapore as a Consultant and, eight years later, is now a Senior Manager at BCG Vantage in Seattle. We spoke with her about her transition. read joanne's blog My Role in BCG Vantage Shubhika Bilgrami, a Senior Manager in Dubai, specializes in BCG’s Travel, Cities, and Infrastructure practice. We spoke with her about her role and growth at BCG Vantage. read shubhika's blog Leading Development Projects Across Africa Kipp Clarke, a Senior Manager in Nairobi, leads BCG’s Africa Social Impact/Public Sector hub for BCG Vantage. We spoke with him about his role and its impact on BCG and its clients. read kipp's blog Additional Opportunities Explore more ways to grow, learn, and engage with BCG. Collaborate With Hard-Working, Diverse, and Curious People Within a Supportive Environment BCG X's experience designers and product teams collaborate to re-think digital projects and re-invent customer experiences that generate value for our clients. EXPLORE Experience What It's Like to Work With Us Check out OneDay@BCG, our self-paced virtual experience program, to get a true feel of what it is like to work at BCG through simulated, interactive challenges. sign up Ready to Apply? Discover opportunities that match your ambitions. At BCG, you’ll work with exceptional people, solve meaningful challenges, and grow your career across our global offices and disciplines. View Jobs Explore Our Benefits We invest in every BCGer with our employee benefits package, crafted to support financial wellbeing, physical wellbeing, mental health, and work-life balance. Employee benefits Discover What We Stand For At BCG, we build trust, collaboration, and leadership through continuous learning and growth. It's no surprise most BCGers are proud to work here. Learn more Join the BCG Talent Community Sign up to receive our news, insights and inspiration. Sign up now FOLLOW US © 2026 Boston Consulting Group Careers Events Blog Privacy Policy Terms of Use Personal Data Request Boston Consulting Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity / expression, national origin, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected under federal, state or local law, where applicable, and those with criminal histories will be considered in a manner consistent with applicable state and local laws. In compliance with the Transparency in Coverage Final Rules (85 FR 72158) issued by the U.S. Departments of the Treasury, Labor, and Health and Human Services, we provide access to Machine-Readable Files containing detailed pricing information. Additionally, disclosures required by the Federal No Surprises Act are available. 7231c9f9662b4c8f8a92ebe44628eba5