Lloyd’s Academy Skip to main content Back to Menu About Lloyd's Market resources Insights Contact Investors Careers Locations Log in About Lloyd's About Lloyd's Lloyd’s is the only insurance marketplace of its kind in the world. We bring together the world’s leading risk takers to advance global progress. Explore Lloyd's In the spotlight Our company Our people Our impact Investor relations Policyholders In the spotlight Half Year Results 2026 We have announced our Half Year Results for 2026. The Lloyd’s market delivered a solid first half performance, with gross written premium of £34.7bn and a combined ratio of 90.8%. View the results Join the Lloyd’s market Join the best minds in the industry. Access the expertise, knowledge and insights to protect and develop your business. How to join the market Our company Understanding the Lloyd's market Our strategy Our history The Lloyd's building Corporation governance Join the Lloyd's market Our people Careers Culture Our impact Sustainability Community involvement Investor relations Overview Financial results Non-financial reporting Our ratings Capital structure Syndicate reports and accounts Capital Markets Day Policyholders Policyholders Market resources Market resources Find and access the information, tools and resources you need when working in or with the Lloyd’s market. View all market resources Our featured resources Market communications Oversight Reporting Regulatory Market Directory Services Tools Our featured resources Requirements of the Lloyd's Council The rules which govern the Lloyd's market including byelaws and other requirements. View the requirements Crystal+ Crystal+ provides Lloyd’s market participants with quick and easy access to global regulatory, compliance and tax information, supporting our market in writing globally compliant business. Learn more about Crystal+ Latest market bulletins Market Bulletins are the formal means of Lloyd’s informing the market of business critical issues. View market bulletins Market communications Market bulletins Regulatory Communications Corporate notices Oversight Market oversight Delegated Authority Capital and reserving Underwriting Capital and Planning Group Claims Customer oversight Reporting Business Timetable Syndicate accounts and financial reporting Future of reporting Regulatory Regulatory Information Tax information Requirements for participating in the Lloyd's market Market Directory Market Directory Brokers Coverholders Managing agents Members' agents and advisors Open market correspondent Associations Services Multinational business at Lloyd's Member Services Learning at Lloyd's Culture resources Investment Complaints Lloyd's Agency Network Salvage Arbitration Branch Building facilities Tools All tools Insights Hub Crystal+ Delegated Authority tools Insights Insights Stay on top of all the latest news impacting the insurance marketplace and understand the innovations, trends and insights impacting the risk landscape. View all insights Featured insights News Risk Insights Innovation Education Featured insights Lloyd's Lab - the heart of innovation for insurance An award winning space dedicated to accelerating and fostering new products and solutions fit for the needs of our customers around the world. Explore Lloyd's Lab Lloyd's Academy The industry-leading commercial education platform for risk professionals to deepen their knowledge, strengthen their network, and leverage the unrivalled power and solutions of the Lloyd’s market. Discover more about Lloyd's Academy News News Events Media centre Risk Insights Risk reports Innovation Lloyd's Lab Education Lloyd's Academy Contact Investors Careers Locations Log in Search Lloyd's Lloyd’s Academy Welcome to Lloyd’s Academy Discover the Lloyd’s Academy Benefits of our programmes Market partner opportunities Get in touch Home Insights Lloyd's Academy Welcome to Lloyd’s Academy Lloyd’s Academy is our industry-wide commercial knowledge platform, where risk professionals from all over the world discover new ways to leverage the unrivalled power and solutions of the Lloyd’s market. Through expert-designed online and in-person courses, events, business simulations and interactive sessions, our programmes help participants to deepen their Lloyd’s market expertise, strengthen their networks and enhance the risk solutions they bring to clients and customers every day. Discover the Lloyd’s Academy Our programmes Explore our range of exciting programmes to determine the best fit for you or your colleagues. View programme schedule Learn OnDemand Access online streaming content enabling you to learn anywhere, anytime. OnDemand Virtual workshop Register your interest for our virtual workshops which provide delegates with essential foundational knowledge to effectively leverage the Lloyd’s market. Find out more The Academy experience Our alumni share their thoughts on their Lloyd’s Academy experience. Hear from our alumni Benefits of our programmes Deepen your knowledge Our programmes feature a range of expert-led signature courses, intensive bootcamps, in-person seminars, online webinars, and on-demand modules. Each experience is designed to deepen your understanding of how to access and work with the Lloyd’s market, naviagate market dynamics and risk trends , uncover specialist classes of business and products, and unlock exciting new business opportunities. Strengthen your network Our courses are led by leading underwriters, brokers and technical experts from Lloyd’s, our market, and our carefully selected partners. Risk professionals attend our sessions from all over the world, each looking to expand their Lloyd’s market capabilities. This means every session is not only an opportunity to deepen your market knowledge, but a chance to broaden your network, grow your community and connect with peers who help shape the future of the Lloyd’s market. Leverage the market All of our programmes are targeted at helping you place more business through Lloyd’s and maximise the value you deliver to your clients. You’ll discover how the innovative solutions developed by the Lloyd’s market can help your clients achieve their goals. You’ll also learn new ways to access the market and communicate these unique solutions to your customers. Market partner opportunities Join our faculty of Lloyd’s market experts and help our delegates deepen their knowledge of the risk solutions available at Lloyd’s. Lloyd’s Academy programmes offer market participants on the Faculty the opportunity to showcase their expertise and network with rising industry stars and prospective customers. Discover Lloyd’s Academy opportunities for the market Gallery / Talent overview The link below opens an infographic which provides a visual overview of the range of early talent attraction initiatives and technical and non-technical training available within the Lloyd’s and London (re)insurance market. Information on specific offerings can be accessed by following the links within the document. Download our talent overview infographic Get in touch Join the conversation on our LinkedIn community. LinkedIn Subscribe for the latest updates Market Bulletins Tax news and updates Support Contact us FAQs Glossary & acronyms Accessibility Useful organisations Market resources Market Directory Crystal+ All market resources Legal Privacy Cookies Terms and conditions Modern Slavery Act Statement Subscribe for the latest updates Market Bulletins Tax news and updates Support Contact us FAQs Glossary & acronyms Accessibility Useful organisations Market resources Market Directory Crystal+ All market resources Legal Privacy Cookies Terms and conditions Modern Slavery Act Statement Follow us © Lloyd’s 2026. Lloyd’s and Corporation of Lloyd’s are registered trademarks of the Society of Lloyd’s. Lloyd’s is authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000.