Job Application for Senior Motion Designer at Monzo Back to jobs Senior Motion Designer London Apply 🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ 📍London (Hybrid) | 💰£60,000 - £72,000 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance + Benefits ✨ ⭐Our Design Team We’re a team of 115+ designers, researchers, and brand experts led by Chief Design Officer, Vuokko Aro. We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re seeking an experienced and versatile Senior Motion Designer with a strong portfolio in motion graphics, animation and creative ideation. In this role, you’ll shape Monzo’s visual identity through dynamic motion, deliver high-quality animation solutions aligned with strategic goals, and drive innovative ideas as a conceptual thinker. Your designs will combine creativity and vision, ensuring they’re both compelling and rooted in strong concepts. As part of our dynamic internal creative studio, you’ll collaborate with designers and writers, exchanging feedback and raising design standards. Working closely with the Creative Director, you’ll ensure consistency and evolve the Monzo brand by partnering with product designers, marketing teams, and external agencies. Key projects include developing motion storyboards, creating animated campaign assets, collaborating on motion for web and product designs and elevating internal design projects. 🔑You’ll play a key role by... Creative Motion Design. Shaping how Monzo's brand looks, feels, and moves across various channels. You'll concept, design, and animate engaging content, from in-app animations to scroll-stopping ads and launch videos. Work closely with product designers and engineers to bring motion design to life within the product, using tools like LottieFiles or Rive to implement animations directly into the app experience. Collaboration & Storytelling. Working closely with writers, designers, and marketing leads, you’ll help bring big ideas to life with motion and creativity. You'll create world-class animations to drive rich narrative elements across integrated touchpoints like campaigns, email, web, and product UI. You’ll be knowledgeable in understanding safe zones for growth assets, compliance and size ratios across all communication channels like Meta and Youtube. Hands-On Animation. You’ll be hands-on in crafting work, from concepting storylines and visuals for scripts to designing storyboards and animation tests for proof of concept. You’ll animate in a variety of 2D styles and techniques and help build a library of core brand animations for use across multiple touchpoints. You’ll be animating our branded illustrations and learning from the best at bringing those magic touches to life. Brand Evolution. Maintain and apply knowledge of our brand identity systems while also exploring opportunities to evolve these systems to support our stakeholders as needed. You’ll manage your time effectively to meet deadlines and delivery schedules. 🤩 We’d love to hear from you if… You have a proven track record in motion design roles, with a strong portfolio or reel demonstrating your work in branding, in-app interactive animation (using tools like LottieFiles or Rive) and visual storytelling. You demonstrate expert proficiency in After Effects and Adobe Creative Suite (including Photoshop, Illustrator). You have experience in Figma asset import and export. You'll actively participate in FigJam brainstorming sessions and collaborate with the team. You possess a strong understanding of design principles, colour theory and typography. You have excellent communication skills and the ability to articulate complex motion concepts clearly to both internal teams and stakeholders. You can manage multiple projects simultaneously and meet tight deadlines. You have experience in fast-paced environments, perhaps within tech startups or working on engaging brands. You’re obsessed with strategically designing within a brand, and have strong skills with evolving within brand guidelines. Motion skills or 3D programs (like Blender or Cinema 4D) are a plus. 🙌What’s in it for you 💰£60,000 - £72,000 ➕Incentive Awards tied to your performance ⏰We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team. 📚£1,000 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences. 🏡We will set you up to work from home; all employees are given Macbooks and for fully remote workers we will provide extra support for your work-from-home setup. ➕ Plus lots more! 🌈 The application journey has 4 key steps 30-minute call with our Recruiter, Tom 1-hour Craft interview, where you’ll present either a single case study or your portfolio A take-home task for you to complete in your own time 1-hour final interview, where we’ll review your take-home task and explore values & ways of working To help us understand your skills and experience, we kindly ask that you include both your CV and a portfolio showcasing your work. This process should take around 3-4 weeks - your schedule is really important to us, so we promise to be as flexible as possible! We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo. You can read them here. We’ll only close this role once we have enough applications for the next stage. Please submit your application as soon as possible to make sure you don’t miss out. — #LI-TR1 Equal opportunities for everyone Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our blog , 2026 Diversity and Inclusion Report and 2025 Gender Pay Gap Report. We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status. If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊 Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf 🇺🇸 Are you a US Person? * Select... A US Person is defined as someone who: was born in the United States (US) has at least 1 parent who was born in the US is a naturalised citizen of the US is a green card holder is a US tax resident 🔐 Keeping your data safe is really important to us. Please take a look at our Candidate Data Privacy Notice (linked below) and confirm that you have. * Select... 🔗 Candidate Data Privacy Notice . If you’d like to, please share your preferred pronouns (eg. they/them/theirs, she/her/hers). If you'd like to, please spell out your name how it's pronounced so we know how to say it. Please share a link to your updated portfolio (including a password if this is password protected). * Do you have experience using motion design tools such as Rive or LottieFiles to bring animations to life in digital products? * Select... Describe a project you worked on. Explain your process, the various stages and your role. 🛂 Please confirm your Right to Work status in the location where this job is advertised. * Select... We legally have to verify that you have the right to work in the location where you'd be working from. Your answer to this question won't affect the outcome of your application, unless you'd need visa sponsorship but are applying to a role we don't sponsor. 👤 Identity survey Our goal at Monzo is to make money work for everyone. To do that, working at Monzo must work for everyone. We want to create an equitable, engaged and innovative workplace which gives people from all backgrounds the support they need to thrive and grow. Making Monzo work for everyone starts right at the beginning of every Monzonaut's journey: when they apply to work here. This demographic survey will help us better understand the people who apply to work at Monzo. It'll help us see how different groups progress through our hiring process, and where we need to make improvements to be more inclusive. If you choose to fill it out, all of the information you give us is: Voluntary . And we've included a "prefer not to say" option for every question. It'd be helpful if you still fill out the survey even if you choose "prefer not to say" for every question, as it's useful for us to understand & record this. We won't know if you choose to fill this survey in or not. Anonymous to Monzo . We can't tie your responses to you and they won't make a difference to the outcome of your application. We'll only use grouped responses for equal opportunities monitoring in our hiring process. For more information on how we'll use this data, please read our candidate privacy notice . By filling out this survey, you agree that we can use your responses for the purposes we've mentioned above. You are not letting us know if we need to make any adjustments to the hiring process because of disability or neurodiversity - to do this please email us. How would you describe your gender identity? Select... Do you identify as transgender? Select... What's your sexual orientation? Select... Do you identify as having a disability? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodivergent? Select... How would your describe your ethnicity? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse