Execution | Panmure Liberum About News & Insights Services Research Portal Contact Us Menu About News & Insights Services Research Portal Contact us Back About About Us Overview Who We Are Our Values History Strategic Partnerships Corporate Responsibility Panmure Liberum Foundation People Overview Leadership Investment Banking Execution Services Research Sales Support Functions Careers Overview Why Join Us Benefits Career Paths Culture Locations Overview London New York Cambridge Leeds Guernsey Back News & Insights All News & Insights Overview News Insights Back Services Investment Banking Overview Corporate Advisory Equity Capital Markets Corporate Broking & IR Mergers & Acquisitions Growth Capital Solutions Debt Advisory Execution Services Overview Sales Trading Investment Funds International Trading ETF Trading Market Making Sales Overview Institutional Sales Corporate Access Conferences & Events Research Overview How We Work Sectors Research Portal About Us Who We Are Our Values History Strategic Partnerships Corporate Responsibility Panmure Liberum Foundation People Leadership Investment Banking Execution Services Research Sales Support Functions Careers Why Join Us Benefits Career Paths Culture Locations London New York Cambridge Leeds Guernsey All News & Insights News Insights Investment Banking Corporate Advisory Equity Capital Markets Corporate Broking & IR Mergers & Acquisitions Growth Capital Solutions Debt Advisory Execution Services Sales Trading Investment Funds International Trading ETF Trading Market Making Sales Institutional Sales Corporate Access Conferences & Events Research How We Work Sectors Research Portal Execution Services Liquidity, market access and certainty of execution Sales Trading Investment Funds International Trading ETF Trading Market Making Sales Trading Connecting investors across a diverse distribution network, we take an adaptive approach, considering our clients' respective benchmarks and sensitivities. Our multi-channel liquidity, traditional institutional coverage and multi-jurisdictional partnerships provide access to investors across Asia, Europe, MENA, and North America. Panmure Liberum takes a fully integrated approach to business, drawing on insights and relationships across the firm to enable block discovery, including ECM and reverse enquiry. Adam Howson Head of Execution Ross McNally Sales Trader Investment Funds Investment Funds is one of our most established franchises, providing liquidity and specialist execution across the closed-end fund universe. We cover the full spectrum — global equity, real estate, alternatives, private equity and infrastructure — with access to institutional, private wealth and RSP venues. The team's sector depth allows us to position clients accurately around discount dynamics, corporate events and the rates-driven flow now returning to the sector. A recently consolidated team and continued investment in talent reflect our ambition to build on a Top 5 position and move into the Top 3. Michael Janes Head of Investment Funds, Sales & Execution Benjamin Fuller Head of Investment Funds Trading International Trading International trading extends our execution capabilities beyond the UK, providing clients with seamless access to global markets. The team covers equities across Europe, the US, Asia and EMEA, navigating local market structures, liquidity dynamics and settlement complexities to support efficient cross-border trading and investment. Deep experience within the desk ensures clients are kept informed of global trends and regional developments through clear, timely communication. Execution risk is actively managed throughout the trading day, with follow-the-sun coverage delivering the same high level of service clients expect from our UK platform. The desk provides access to over 30 markets and more than 5,000 instruments. Dan Brown International Trading Mark Taylor Global Thematics ETF Trading Our dedicated desk has been built to support increasing client interest in thematic and factor-based products, balancing immediacy, efficiency, and market impact through careful venue selection. We now return prices in over 4,000 instruments, with a focus on delivering tighter spreads and robust execution quality in an increasingly competitive asset class. Adam Howson Head of Execution Market Making Over the last three years we have rebuilt our platform and hired key individuals. Our core UK Mid and Small Cap franchise now provides continual two-way liquidity in over 750 names with a focus on competitive pricing for our corporate clients, resulting in an average market share of over 40% and a top five ranking in 80% of our client universe. Our integrated trading floor gives us a complete view of potential order flow, positioning, and corporate activity, allowing our traders to optimise pricing in all our markets. James Perry Head of Trading Search for a stock Results Find a Market Maker Simply search your stock to get connected to the right desk at Panmure Liberum. Sales Trading Contacts UK Our UK sales trading team supports clients with market colour, liquidity and execution across UK equities and related opportunities in the market. Ben McCorkill Sales Trader +44 (0)20 7886 2734 Emma Horner Sales Trader +44 (0) 20 7886 2733 Justin Lindop Sales Trader +44 (0) 20 7886 2699 Mark O'Hara Sales Trader +44 (0) 20 3100 2061 International Our international trading team provides market access and execution support across a broad range of international markets, sectors and investment opportunities. David Thompson Sales Trader +44 (0) 20 3100 2062 Matthew Hudson Electronic Trading +44 (0) 20 3100 2063 Investment Funds Our investment funds team supports clients with market access, liquidity and execution across listed funds and related investment opportunities. Michael Janes Head of Investment Funds, Sales & Execution +44 (0) 20 7886 2649 James Shields Investment Funds Sales +44 (0) 20 3100 2266 Justin York Investment Funds Sales +44 (0) 20 7886 2707 US Our US sales trading team supports clients with market access, liquidity and execution across US equities, sectors and related investment opportunities. Arthur Pyott US Equity Sales Trader +1 212 596 4842 Brian McCann Sales Trader +44 (0) 20 7886 2705 Market Activity Snapshot A simple view of the most active names across the desk over different time frames. Day Week Month Most Active Most Active Most Active Capital and connections behind every outcome Our experienced team specialises in complex blocks and illiquid lines. With multi-venue access and partners in key jurisdictions, the desk commits capital to get trades done where a default algo cannot. About us Taking a holistic approach to liquidity The execution desk works closely with institutional sales, research and investment banking, bringing together sector conviction, corporate liquidity and live deal flow. That gives clients a clear picture of the market and support across the lifecycle of an idea, order or transaction. Meet the team Need execution support? Speak to our execution team about liquidity, market access, trading strategies or specialist execution requirements. Contact us See services Follow us Services Investment Banking Execution Services Sales Research About About Us People Careers Locations Panmure Liberum Foundation Contact Us News & Insights News Insights Website T&Cs Compliance & Regulatory Modern Slavery Statement Privacy Notice Cookie Choices Cookie Notice Panmure Liberum Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England & Wales No. 04915201. Panmure Liberum Inc. is a FINRA member firm and is regulated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Panmure Liberum Cambridge Capital Limited (Firm Reference 1022870) is an appointed representative of Panmure Liberum Limited. We use cookies Necessary cookies help the site work properly. We'd also like to use analytics cookies to understand how the site is used and improve it. Read our cookie notice Only necessary cookies Accept analytics