 Lazard Online Assessment – practice for the Lazard assessments! AI CV AI Interview Log in Browse Tests Browse Tests Browse Tests Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Test Free Abstract Reasoning Test Free Psychometric Test Free Numerical Reasoning Test Free Numerical SHL Test Free Critical Thinking Test Free Personality Test Free Pilot Aptitude Test Free Verbal Reasoning Test Free Spatial Reasoning Test Tests Providers Tests Providers SHL Watson Glaser Cut-e/Aon Saville Arctic Shores Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Sova Pymetrics TestGorilla Hogan CCAT & UCAT Best Seller Products Best Seller Products Banking Summer Internship Watson Glaser Public Health Specialists SHL Arctic Shores Cut-e/Aon Saville Executive Aptitude Tests Banking Spring Internships Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Qantas Pilots Psychometric Test Thomas GIA Raven's Progressive Matrices McKinsey Problem Solving (Imbellus) Personality & Behavioural Personality & Behavioural Situational Judgement Test Thomas GIA Saville Aptitude Test Cubiks Test OPQ32 Adept-15 Korn Ferry Leadership Potential Predictive Index (PI) McQuaig Word Survey Myers Briggs Other Popular Assessments Other Popular Assessments Emirates Cabin Crew Test UBS Assessment BKSB Test Ravens Progressive Matrices Saville Aptitude Test Amazon Assessment SHL Excel Questions Video Interview Prep Arctic Shores Premium Membership AI CV AI Interview About Us Log in AI CV AI Interview My PrepPacks™ Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Test Free Abstract Reasoning Test Free Psychometric Test Free Numerical Reasoning Test Free Numerical SHL Test Free Critical Thinking Test Free Personality Test Free Pilot Aptitude Test Free Verbal Reasoning Test Free Spatial Reasoning Test Tests Providers Tests Providers SHL Watson Glaser Cut-e/Aon Saville Arctic Shores Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Sova Pymetrics TestGorilla Hogan CCAT & UCAT Best Seller Products Best Seller Products Banking Summer Internship Watson Glaser Public Health Specialists SHL Arctic Shores Cut-e/Aon Saville Executive Aptitude Tests Banking Spring Internships Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Qantas Pilots Psychometric Test Thomas GIA Raven's Progressive Matrices McKinsey Problem Solving (Imbellus) Personality & Behavioural Personality & Behavioural Situational Judgement Test Thomas GIA Saville Aptitude Test Cubiks Test OPQ32 Adept-15 Korn Ferry Leadership Potential Predictive Index (PI) McQuaig Word Survey Myers Briggs Other Popular Assessments Other Popular Assessments Emirates Cabin Crew Test UBS Assessment BKSB Test Ravens Progressive Matrices Saville Aptitude Test Amazon Assessment SHL Excel Questions Video Interview Prep Arctic Shores Premium Membership Homepage Banking Tests Lazard Online Assessment Homepage Banking Tests Lazard Online Assessment The Complete Preparation Guide for the Lazard Online Assessment The Complete Preparation Guide for the Lazard Online Assessment 4.8 150 Reviews Last Updated: May 2026 Lazard is one of the leading financial advisory and asset management firms in the world, operating in more than 26 countries. As such, Lazard offers a range of opportunities for students who want to launch a career in the financial world across Corporate, Financial Advisory, and Asset Management. To be accepted on one of the company’s prestigious programmes, candidates must pass a multi-step recruitment process, that includes a CCAT cognitive tes and a video interview. Access this course and more with our Banking Summer Internship PrepPack ! Lazard Online Assessment 4.8 150 Reviews Lazard 1 Month Summer Internship 1 Month Summer Internship 3 Months One-Time Payment 1 Month Access Realistic practice tests & study guides Created by experts with a focus on accuracy Full prep for Lazard + the following banks: J.P. Morgan Barclays HSBC Morgan Stanley Deutsche Bank UBS BNP Paribas Fidelity Nomura Jefferies RBC Capital Markets Goldman Sachs Bank of America Citi Santander Schroders Citadel Macquarie Group Standard Chartered Houlihan Lokey Wells Fargo PJT Partners BDO Global Crédit Agricole Rothschild & Co. Moelis & Co Blackstone Lloyds BlackRock Also Available: 6 Months Access ( see here ) Note: This product cannot be included in the Premium Membership Show More Money Back Guarantee Hadassah, Cognitive Test Developer at JobTestPrep I am Hadassah Goldberg, a Cognitive Test Developer at JobTestPrep, holding a BSc in Neuroscience and Cognition Studies with a minor in Philosophy. With extensive experience in education and content development, I specialize in providing expert insights and strategies for various assessments. I am also responsible for creating test questions and instructional videos for our PrepPacks, ensuring that each resource supports learners in achieving their full potential. Have a question? Contact me at: ask_the_team@jobtestprep.co.uk Applying to Multiple Positions? See our bundle PrepPacks: Summer Internship | Spring Week | Big 4 Preparing for the Hire-Vue Interview ? Record your interview responses and get detailed feedback from our occupational psychologists. What Is the Lazard Online Assessment? The Lazard Online Assessment includes a CCAT Test . The CCAT is a cognitive ability test that has four question types - Abstract, Verbal and Mathematical Reasoning, and Logical questions. Overall, the test is hard, especially for candidates who are not used to solving problems under time pressure or haven’t touched high-school materials for years. Some question types, such as matrices and syllogisms, are more complex and require practice to master. Lazard Video Interview Utilizing pre-recorded interviews has become standard practice in the hiring procedures of leading organizations, ranging from Bloomberg to the Civil Service. These interviews evaluate various facets of your personality, abilities, competencies, drives, and motivations. The Lazard video interview is typically part of the initial screening process after the online application. It serves as a way for candidates to demonstrate their motivation, cultural fit, and interest in the organization and industry. The video interview usually consists of 5 questions, each with a 2-minute time limit for responses. For the Spring Insight Programme, the Lazard Spring Week video interview typically serves as the second stage of the application process. Common Lazard HireVue Questions Here are the most common lazard video interview questions: Why are you interested in investment banking, particularly in M&A? Why do you want to work at Lazard? What sets Lazard apart from its competitors, and how do you see yourself fitting into the organization? What is your greatest weakness? Can you describe a time when you demonstrated leadership or worked effectively as part of a team? Why should we select you over other candidates? Can you share an incident where you became aware of a personal weakness and how you addressed it? How do you believe you can contribute to Lazard's success? Tell us something unique or interesting about yourself. Discuss a recent news article or event you found engaging and why it stood out to you. Be fully prepared with our Lazard PrepPack Start Preparing Today Lazard Summer Internship & Spring Week Internship Programmes As a prominent finance and asset management firm, Lazard offers a range of graduate programmes, including a summer internship and a spring insight week . Not only do these programmes give you an inside look at what it's like to work in the financial world, but they also boost your resume and give you a head start on your career. During these programmes, interns get to participate in networking events and mentorship opportunities and establish connections within the organisation. Lazard Application Process The Lazard SJT is only the second step of the Lazard application process. After you pass it, you will be invited to a pre-recorded interview . Here are all the steps of the Lazard application process: Application Form Online Assessment Video Assessment Final Round Interview 🔍Taking Multiple Finance Tests? HSBC | UBS | Bain & Co | Macquarie | Morgan Stanley | EIB | Deloitte | Deutsche Bank | Barclays | KPMG | PWC | Lazard | EY | Nomura | BCG | BNP Paribas | Jefferies | Moelis & Co | RBC | BoA | AlixPartners | Fidelity | Lloyds | PJT Partners | NatWest | BNY Mellon | Job Simulation | Pre-recorded Video Interview | HireVue Interview Bundles: Summer Internship | Spring Week | MBB - Big 3 | Big 4 FAQs What Is the Lazard Online Assessment? The Lazard Online Assessment is the second step of Lazard’s application process. This Situational Judgment Test assesses applicants’ behavioural tendencies, characteristics, and social skills to ensure they fit the firm’s values. What Is the Situational Judgement Test at SJT Lazard? The Lazard SJT (Situational Judgment Test) is a behavioural assessment aimed to evaluate applicants’ characteristics, personality traits and social skills by presenting them with real-life work-related scenarios. For each scenario, there are four possible reactions, from which the applicants need to choose the most effective and the least effective. What Questions Are Asked at Lazard Intern Interview? The Lazard intern interview is a pre-recorded interview , taken as part of the Lazard application process for its Graduate programmes. This interview resembles a traditional face-to-face interview, in which you will be asked: Typical HR questions, such as "Why do you want to intern at Lazard?" Personality questions, such as "What are your hobbies outside of work?" Questions that assess your way of thinking, such as "What is the daily count of trips taken on the London Underground?" How to prepare for the Lazard summer internship test? Access this course and more with our Banking Summer Internship prep pack and be prepared for the Lazard summer internship application. ﻿ Customer reviews 4.8 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Based on 150 reviews 5★ 129 4★ 20 3★ 1 2★ 0 1★ 0 Abstract user icon Moritz F. Verified Buyer ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Great job! Really enjoyed it, specifically the situational stuff Published date: 9/16/2026 Abstract user icon Charles B. Verified Buyer ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Really helped me prep. . . Really helped me prep. . . Published date: 9/10/2026 Abstract user icon David P. Verified Buyer ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ great Yes Published date: 9/10/2026 Abstract user icon Marianna C. Verified Buyer ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Tests were the same as on the online assessment Great for practice, recommend it if you are applying! Published date: 9/9/2026 Abstract user icon Jessica F. ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ yes yes Published date: 9/8/2026 1 2 3 4 5 ... 30 Lazard and other trademarks mentioned here in are the property of their trademark owners. Mention of their name here is done for instructional purposes and is not intended to imply affiliation or endorsement. Get Started Now Money Back Guarantee JobTestPrep JobTestPrep Since 1992, JobTestPrep has stood for true-to-original online test and assessment centre preparation. Our decades of experience make us a leading international provider of test training. Over one million customers have already used our products to prepare professionally for their recruitment tests. Our Websites Our Websites Arabic Site Denmark Germany Netherlands Norway Sweden United States TestPrep-Online Company Company About Us Meet the Team Privacy Contact Us Blog Answers from Experts Help Help Contact Us Terms & Conditions Refund Policy Partnerships Partnerships Affiliate Programme Recruiters Higher Education Copyright © 2026 JobTestPrep. All Rights Reserved.