Social Mobility Talent Insight Skip to main content Quick search People & Culture Overview About our firm Being inclusive People profiles Learning and development Reward and recognition Awards IT’s Her Future Black heritage initiatives Apprentice Overview Audit Consulting Corporate Services Technology & Engineering Tax & Law Work Experience Applying to KPMG Parents, carers and teachers Undergraduate Overview Abilities Talent Insight Black Heritage Talent Insight Social Mobility Talent Insight Vacation programmes One Year Business Placement Applying to KPMG Graduate Overview Audit Consulting Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Experienced professional Overview Audit Consulting Corporate Services Deal Advisory Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Contractors Quick search Menu Close Social Mobility Talent Insight programmes Home > Undergraduate > Social Mobility Talent Insight Get a head start Our Insight programmes have been designed to help you find out more about working life at KPMG. You’ll discover more about the work we do, as well as our diverse teams, and the career opportunities available to you. Our programmes are a perfect opportunity to build your work experience, develop new skills, grow your network and gain learning that will last you a lifetime. You’ll get an insider’s view into one of the world’s leading professional services firms - the projects we work on, the industries we work in and the meaningful and positive difference we make for our clients, people and the communities we serve. Who's it for? We are committed to creating an inclusive environment where all colleagues thrive and reach their full potential, whatever their identity or background. To achieve this, we have set long-term targets to 2030, one of which is to increase our lower socio-economic background representation at partner level to 29% by 2030. We recognise that individuals from a lower socio-economic background may face additional barriers. That's why we have launched the Social Mobility Talent Insight Programme. The Social Mobility Talent Insight Programme is aimed at students who come from a lower socio-economic background. By ‘lower socio-economic background’ we mean students who: Attended state school or college, and The occupation of your main household earner when you were aged 14 is categorised as a lower socio-economic background*, or When you were at school, you were eligible for free school meals (or attended a school with ‘above regional average’ free school meals**), or You were the first member of your immediate family to attend university. *Parental occupation classification is a national standard and the Social Mobility Work’s toolkit (found here ) provides details on the categorisations. **Free School Meals are a statutory benefit available to school-aged children from families who receive other qualifying benefits and who have been through the relevant registration process. It does not include those who receive meals at school through other means e.g. boarding school. If this doesn’t apply to you, we encourage you to review our alternative online work experience programme . We want everyone to be able to perform at their best, therefore if there are any adjustments you feel would benefit you during the recruitment process, you can provide information within the relevant section of your application, We will also ask you to confirm if any adjustments are needed before each stage of the processes. To find out more information please see support for graduates. Join us on this journey of building a fairer future for all. Sign up to hear first when we open Explore Insight programmes Programme overview Audit (Final year) Social Mobility Talent Insight Tax and Law (Final year) Social Mobility Talent Insight Audit (Penultimate year) Social Mobility Talent Insight Tax and Law (Penultimate year) Social Mobility Talent Insight Audit (Final year) Social Mobility Talent Insight Explore this programme The Social Mobility Talent Insight Programme is aimed at students who come from a lower socio-economic background. It is the perfect opportunity for you to learn more about our business and develop your professional skills. During your Insight experience, you’ll have the chance to meet inspirational people from our diverse Audit teams and explore our variety of career opportunities available. Over three days you'll network with our colleagues, learn more about what we do and the meaningful difference we make to businesses and the communities we serve. This programme is open to students who are in their final year of university or have recently graduated. This programme has been purposefully designed as a step towards a possible Graduate offer if you’re successful on the programme. This offer would only be for the same location and business area as that you completed your Talent Insight Programme in. As such, please ensure you have a commitment to the location and business area that you apply to. Tax and Law (Final year) Social Mobility Talent Insight Explore this programme Join our Tax Insight programme and learn about working collaboratively with organisations of all shapes and sizes, helping them to navigate complex tax policy landscapes, and stay compliant with regulation by paying the right tax at the right time. The Social Mobility Talent Insight Programme is aimed at students who come from a lower socio-economic background. It is the perfect opportunity for you to learn more about our business and develop your professional skills. During your Insight experience, you’ll have the chance to meet inspirational people from our diverse Tax teams and explore our variety of career opportunities available. Over three days you'll network with our colleagues, learn more about what we do and the meaningful difference we make to businesses and the communities we serve. This programme is open to students who are in their final year of university or recently graduated. This programme has been purposefully designed as a step towards a possible Graduate offer if you’re successful on the programme. This offer would only be for the same location and business area as that you completed your Talent Insight Programme. As such, please ensure you have a commitment to the location and business area that you apply to. Audit (Penultimate year) Social Mobility Talent Insight Explore this programme The Social Mobility Talent Insight Programme is aimed at students who come from a lower socio-economic background. It is the perfect opportunity for you to learn more about our business and develop your professional skills. During your Insight experience, you’ll have the chance to meet inspirational people from our diverse Audit teams and explore our variety of career opportunities available. Over three days you'll network with our colleagues, learn more about what we do and the meaningful difference we make to businesses and the communities we serve. This programme is open to students who are in their penultimate year of university. This programme has been purposefully designed as a step towards a possible Graduate offer if you’re successful on the programme. This offer would only be for the same location and business area as that you completed your Talent Insight Programme in. As such, please ensure you have a commitment to the location and business area that you apply to. Tax and Law (Penultimate year) Social Mobility Talent Insight Explore this programme Join our Tax Insight programme and learn about working collaboratively with organisations of all shapes and sizes, helping them to navigate complex tax policy landscapes, and stay compliant with regulation by paying the right tax at the right time. The Social Mobility Talent Insight Programme is aimed at students who come from a lower socio-economic background. It is the perfect opportunity for you to learn more about our business and develop your professional skills. During your Insight experience, you’ll have the chance to meet inspirational people from our diverse Tax teams and explore our variety of career opportunities available. Over three days you'll network with our colleagues, learn more about what we do and the meaningful difference we make to businesses and the communities we serve. This programme is open to students who are in their penultimate year of university. This programme has been purposefully designed as a step towards a possible Graduate offer if you’re successful on the programme. This offer would only be for the same location and business area as that you completed your Talent Insight Programme. As such, please ensure you have a commitment to the location and business area that you apply to. Connect with us: https://www.facebook.com/KPMGRecruitment/ https://www.instagram.com/kpmgukcareers/ https://www.linkedin.com/company/kpmg-uk/ https://www.youtube.com/@KPMGUKCareers Apprentice Audit Consulting Corporate Services Technology & Engineering Tax & Law Work Experience Applying to KPMG Parents, carers and teachers Undergraduate Abilities Talent Insight Black Heritage Talent Insight Social Mobility Talent Insight Vacation programmes One Year Business Placement Applying to KPMG Graduate Audit Consulting Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Experienced professional Audit Consulting Corporate Services Deal Advisory Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Quick Links FAQ Search and apply Contact us People profiles Legal Privacy Accessibility Cookies Modern Slavery Act Visit kpmg.co.uk Cookie Settings © 2026 KPMG LLP, a UK limited liability partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organisation of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved. For more detail about the structure of the KPMG global organisation please visit home.kpmg/governance. Back to top ;