Job Application for Backend Engineer III at Monzo Back to jobs Backend Engineer III Cardiff, London or Remote (UK) Apply 🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ 📍London or UK Remote | 💰 Engineer III Compensation: £85,000 - £110,000 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance + Benefits | Technology About our Engineering Teams: We have around 650 engineers across Monzo who design and build our in-house banking platform. We have big ambitions for the future, and technology plays a big role in creating a bank our customers want, so engineers at Monzo collaborate across disciplines to solve interesting challenges throughout the company. These range from the products our customers use everyday to underlying infrastructure, security, payments and finance, customer operations, financial crime, and data, to name just a few areas. As a bank, there is scope for impact across a huge number of opportunities. How we work 💻 Our main tech hub is in London, but our engineers live everywhere in the UK— from Brighton to the Western Isles. We value meeting in person but we don't have a mandated requirement on office attendance, even if you're nearby. We believe you'll do your best work if you are where you want to be. If you live outside of London and we ask you to come into the office, Monzo will support you with the costs ✨ Our offices are naturally social, especially Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Thursdays, which happen to line up with our twice-weekly Monzo lunches & treat Thursdays 🍽️ Teams also schedule time together often for work and play – in or around the office, or online. Set up a work schedule that delivers impact and fits your life: At Monzo, we value connections, flexibility, and wellbeing. We keep our meetings during core hours to stay connected and believe in maintaining work/life balance. You’ll be empowered to manage your work in a way that suits you and your team, giving you the freedom for children drop-offs and pick-ups, walking your dog or adventurous cat, avoiding peak commuting times or gym slots, appointments, or supporting your family in an emergency 🕣✨ If you prefer to work part-time, we'll make this happen whenever we can - whether this is to help you meet other commitments or strike a great work-life balance. Work the way that works for you with Monzo! 💼 You should apply if: you have strong experience working on the backend of a technology product you want to be involved in building a product that you (and the people you know) use every day you have a product mindset: you care about customer outcomes and you want to make data-informed decisions you’re comfortable working in a team that deals with ambiguity you’re interested in distributed systems and writing resilient software you have some experience with strongly-typed languages (Go, Java, C, Scala etc.). you think you’d enjoy the kind of work we’re doing We're on the look out for L40 Engineers at the moment, you can read more in our Engineering Progression Framework you will be interviewed across the whole framework, so if you're not sure what level you're aiming for chat to your recruiter! Not ticking every box? That’s totally okay! Studies show that women and people of colour might hesitate to apply unless they meet every single requirement. At Monzo, we’re dedicated to creating a diverse and welcoming team. If you’re passionate about this role and keen to learn and grow with us, we encourage you to apply— even if you don’t have everything thats listed just yet. Drop us your application, we’d love to hear from you! What you’ll be working on: We hire very technically agnostic so whilst we use the below technologies we do not expect prior knowledge , you will be fully supported in our organised onboarding to get up to speed in the below: Go to write our application code (there’s an excellent interactive Go tutorial here ) Cassandra for most persistent data storage Kafka for our asynchronous message queue Kubernetes and Docker to schedule and run our services Envoy Proxy for RPC AWS for most of our production infrastructure and GCP for most of our data infrastructure React for our public web apps and internal tools We also have physical datacenters with actual cables to connect to various third parties The Interview Process: Our interview process involves three main stages: Initial Call Take home task or pair coding exercise Final interview: including a system design and a behavioural interview Our average process takes around 4 weeks but we will always work around your availability. One of our engineers has written a detailed blog on their experience through this process, for extra details, hints and tips please see here . What’s in it for you: 💰 £85,000 - £110,000 base salary + Incentive Awards tied to your performance ✈️ We can help you relocate to the UK ✅ We can sponsor visas. 📍This role can be based in our London office, but we're open to distributed working within the UK (with ad hoc meetings in London). ⏰We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, at times that suit you and your team. 📚Learning budget of £1,000 a year for books, training courses and conferences ➕And much more, see our full list of benefits here We're usually always hiring for Backend Engineers, so there's no closing date for this job. #LI-Remote #LI-ZM1 Equal opportunities for everyone Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our blog , 2026 Diversity and Inclusion Report and 2025 Gender Pay Gap Report. We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status. If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊 Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf What attracted you to Monzo? * What's the most interesting project you've worked on recently? * What was the objective? Why it was interesting? What did you learn? We'd love to see links if possible! Where would you like to be based? * Select... Are you a US person? * Select... A US Person is defined as someone who: was born in the United States (US) has at least 1 parent who was born in the US is a naturalised citizen of the US is a green card holder is a US tax resident If you’d like to, please share your preferred pronouns (eg. they/them/theirs, she/her/hers). If you'd like to, please spell out your name how it's pronounced so we know how to say it. 🔐 Keeping your data safe is really important to us. Please take a look at our Candidate Data Privacy Notice (linked below) and confirm that you have. * Select... 🔗 Candidate Data Privacy Notice . 🛂 Please confirm your Right to Work status in the location where this job is advertised. * Select... We legally have to verify that you have the right to work in the location where you'd be working from. Your answer to this question won't affect the outcome of your application, unless you'd need visa sponsorship but are applying to a role we don't sponsor. 👤 Identity survey Our goal at Monzo is to make money work for everyone. To do that, working at Monzo must work for everyone. We want to create an equitable, engaged and innovative workplace which gives people from all backgrounds the support they need to thrive and grow. Making Monzo work for everyone starts right at the beginning of every Monzonaut's journey: when they apply to work here. This demographic survey will help us better understand the people who apply to work at Monzo. It'll help us see how different groups progress through our hiring process, and where we need to make improvements to be more inclusive. If you choose to fill it out, all of the information you give us is: Voluntary . And we've included a "prefer not to say" option for every question. It'd be helpful if you still fill out the survey even if you choose "prefer not to say" for every question, as it's useful for us to understand & record this. We won't know if you choose to fill this survey in or not. Anonymous to Monzo . We can't tie your responses to you and they won't make a difference to the outcome of your application. We'll only use grouped responses for equal opportunities monitoring in our hiring process. For more information on how we'll use this data, please read our candidate privacy notice . By filling out this survey, you agree that we can use your responses for the purposes we've mentioned above. You are not letting us know if we need to make any adjustments to the hiring process because of disability or neurodiversity - to do this please email us. How would you describe your gender identity? Select... Do you identify as transgender? Select... What's your sexual orientation? Select... Do you identify as having a disability? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodivergent? Select... How would your describe your ethnicity? Select... Voluntary Self-Identification For government reporting purposes, we ask candidates to respond to the below self-identification survey. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. As set forth in Monzo’s Equal Employment Opportunity policy, we do not discriminate on the basis of any protected group status under any applicable law. Gender Select... Are you Hispanic/Latino? Select... Race & Ethnicity Definitions If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows: A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability. A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service. An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense. An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985. Veteran Status Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse