Retail And Consumer Goods | Oliver Wyman Skip to main content We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand Learn More search Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search Highlights Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search search Highlights menu close Retail And Consumer Goods // . // Industries // Retail And Consumer Goods What We Do What We Think Breakthroughs Solutions Who We Are What We Do We understand what it takes to win in Retail and CPG: an obsession with serving the customer, constant dedication to better execution, and a relentless drive to improve capabilities. Clients tell us that our hands-on approach to making change happen is truly unique — and the reason they choose to work with us again and again. Our philosophy is simple — produce results, not reports. We have a multi-decade track record of helping clients develop and execute programs that drive demonstrable and sustained impact. We deliver significant improvements in our clients' sales growth and profitability — often in situations where the business model requires rejuvenation or reinvention. Our approach combines deep industry knowledge, state-of-the-art analytics, and the proven ability to achieve lasting change fast. Clients choose us because they know from experience that the results will be there. Our expertise Wholesale and Distribution Understanding the unique challenges in the distribution and wholesale industry, we draw on deep customer and strategic insights, advanced analytics, and proprietary decision‑support platforms to help clients compete and win. Success in this sector requires strong operations and sourcing at the back end paired with customer‑focused commercial execution at the front. Over the past 25 years, we’ve helped clients build real competitive advantage and drive meaningful growth. Revenue management Enabling consumer goods brands to seize market shifts and navigate e‑commerce, global buying trends, and regulatory change. Our revenue‑management expertise strengthens pricing, channels, and promotions to deliver lasting financial impact and competitive advantage. Retails elements solution Improving retail efficiency and customer impact through smarter operations, stronger commercial levers, and data‑driven decision‑making. Our specialized insight helps retailers stay agile and outperform in a volatile market. What We Think Load More We are sorry, we could not find any results. Please refine your search and try again. Who We Are Load More We are sorry, we could not find any results. Please refine your search and try again. Footer XF Risk and insurance Reinsurance and capital People and investments Management consulting We're a global professional service firm bringing together capabilities across risk, reinsurance and capital, people and investments, and management consulting — building the confidence to thrive through the power of perspective. Terms Of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Statement On Accessibility Manage Cookies © 2026 Oliver Wyman, LLC. All Rights Reserved.