Financial Services Skip to main content We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand Learn More search Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search Highlights Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search search Highlights menu close Financial Services // . // Industries // Financial Services What We Do What We Think Breakthroughs Solutions Who We Are What We Do We partner with the world’s leading financial institutions on their most significant challenges, such as lower revenues and elevated credit losses, to deliver breakthrough impact in a period of unprecedented economic disruption and turmoil. Our expertise Corporate And Institutional Banking We draw on a deep knowledge of our clients' businesses and our own in-depth industry research to develop sustainable strategies for corporate and institutional banking firms. Insurance And Asset Management We bring our expertise, strategic thinking, analytical insight, and innovation to create value for the leading property and casualty, life, and health insurers and reinsurers. Retail And Business Banking We advise leading banks, credit institutions, payments companies, and investments firms to design and implement business strategies aimed at serving consumer households and small and medium-size businesses. Finance And Treasury Management We advise our clients on corporate finance and treasury strategy, integrated planning, cost takeout strategies, and operations, data and technology transformation. Risk Management For Financial Services We support clients in developing strategies, governance, methodologies, processes, change management initiatives and infrastructure to measure and manage the risks they face. Wealth Management Helping wealth managers and private equity clients achieve outsized impact through deep industry expertise, proprietary assets, and frontier thought leadership. Digital Assets We work with disrupters, incumbents, investors and public policy makers to navigate and position themselves in the rapidly evolving digital assets landscape. Financial Infrastructure, Technology, And Services Oliver Wyman’s Financial Infrastructure, Technology and Services (FITS) platform is dedicated to the service provider community active in Financial Services. What We Think Load More We are sorry, we could not find any results. Please refine your search and try again. Who We Are Meet some of our financial services experts across the globe. John Colas Partner, Vice Chairman of Financial Services, Americas and Co-head of Climate and Sustainability, Global Elie Farah Managing Partner and Head of Banking and Financial Services, Europe Douglas J. Elliott Partner Christian Edelmann Managing Partner and Head of Europe Ugur Koyluoglu Partner and Vice Chair, Financial Services Americas Claudio Lago de Lanzós Partner and Managing Partner for Spain and Portugal Seo Young Lee Partner Ted Moynihan President and CEO, Oliver Wyman and Marsh Management Consulting Anders Nemeth Managing Partner and Global Head of Banking and Financial Services Mariya Rosberg Head of Growth and Strategy Mathieu Vasseux Partner and Saudi Arabia Head Dylan Walsh Partner and Global Head of Corporate and Transactional Banking Michael Zeltkevic Managing Partner and Global Head of Capabilities Matt Austen Managing Partner and Head of Asia Pacific Elena Belov Partner and Co-Head of Finance and Risk, Americas Til Schuermann Partner, Global Head of Finance and Risk Angelina Oguma Partner Anirudh Singh Partner Footer XF Risk and insurance Reinsurance and capital People and investments Management consulting We're a global professional service firm bringing together capabilities across risk, reinsurance and capital, people and investments, and management consulting — building the confidence to thrive through the power of perspective. Terms Of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Statement On Accessibility Manage Cookies © 2026 Oliver Wyman, LLC. All Rights Reserved.