Student Careers | KKR KKR Global Select Your Experience KKR Global Learn about KKR's approach, solutions, and insights. This site is for clients, investors, shareholders, career seekers, individuals and portfolio companies. Wealth Professionals Learn about KKR's global wealth solutions. This site is for financial advisors, financial intermediaries, professional/accredited investors, and institutional investors. Student Careers About A leading global investment firm founded in 1976 Learn More History Our People Institutional Investors Global Wealth Family Capital Approach A network of expert resources supporting our investments Learn More Delivering Better Outcomes Ownership Cultures Shared Success Sustainability Invest Delivering asset management, capital markets and insurance solutions to our clients and partners around the world Learn More Private Equity Infrastructure Real Estate Credit Solutions Capital Markets Insurance Strategic Partnerships Insights Our perspectives on today’s markets, investment opportunities, and challenges Learn more Macro Insights Investment Insights Education Investor Relations Media Center Careers Locations Contact FEATURED INSIGHT The Total Portfolio Approach: The Dog Has Caught the Bus Skip to Menu Toggle Button Unlock Your Potential Welcome to KKR Student Careers, where we pave the way for the next generation of leaders through our internship and early careers full-time programs across the globe. At KKR, you'll find yourself immersed in a dynamic environment, aligned with impactful deal exposure and analytical projects. Our commitment to your growth extends beyond these experiences, as we curate enriching educational opportunities and networking initiatives that set the stage for your professional journey. EXPLORE CURRENT OPPORTUNITIES Investing in You We provide an unparalleled internship experience that not only educates and trains, but also mentors individuals for thriving careers. You will undergo a fully immersive orientation and training before joining your team, ensuring that all program participants are set up for success. Networking Opportunities From enriching career discussions to 1:1 mentorship, we hope to expand your horizons and offer a vibrant platform for you to connect, collaborate, and build valuable relationships that pave the way for future growth. Shared Ownership The bedrock of KKR's culture is our spirit of partnership and a shared sense of ownership across the firm. You will find passion and purpose in your work through the contributions your team makes to supporting KKR’s clients, portfolio companies, and communities. Investing in You Networking Opportunities Shared Ownership Advice from KKR's Campus Recruiting Team Check out the videos below for advice from our recruiters on the 10-week U.S. Summer Internship application process, tips to prepare for your interview, and what to expect during the program. Real Stories, Real Impact Hear from KKR U.S. Summer Analysts about their experiences working with our asset management business. WATCH VIDEOS Explore opportunities with KKR and unlock your potential. Explore current opportunities ABOUT History Our People Institutional Investors Global Wealth Family Capital APPROACH Delivering Better Outcomes Ownership Cultures Shared Success Sustainability INVEST Private Equity Infrastructure Real Estate Credit Solutions Capital Markets Insurance Strategic Partnerships Portfolio INSIGHTS Macro Insights Investment Insights Education CAREERS Career Opportunities Student Careers Inclusive Culture Citizenship CLIENT PORTAL INVESTOR RELATIONS MEDIA CENTER STAY CONNECTED: CONTACT US Subscribe Locations Manage Cookies Privacy and Cookies Terms of Use Security and Fraud Compliance Disclosures Accessibility © 2026 Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. All Rights Reserved. CookieSettings