Our application experience Skip to content Skip to footer Early careers Experienced careers Flexible or contractor careers Working at PwC Our people, their stories. More Search Menu Early careers Early careers Applying and FAQs Employability hub Entry level Graduate Our events Our job search Training and development Undergraduate Menu Early careers Applying and FAQs Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessment and selection process Do you need immigration authorisation to work in the UK? FAQs The behaviours we look for Menu Early careers Employability hub Menu Early careers Entry level Entry level programmes Flying Start degree programmes New World. New Skills. Virtual Insight Programme Menu Early careers Graduate Advisory and Consulting Audit, Accounting, Tax and Finance Legal Services Strategy Technology and AI Menu Early careers Our events Virtual Classroom Menu Early careers Our job search Menu Early careers Training and development Menu Early careers Undergraduate Diversity Programmes Legal Summer Vacation Scheme Summer Internship Undergraduate Work Placement Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Experienced careers Experienced careers Application support Careers toolkit Partner recruitment Search all jobs Menu Experienced careers Application support Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessments - what to expect Our application experience PwC sponsorship and working permits Recruitment agencies The behaviours we look for Menu Experienced careers Careers toolkit Menu Experienced careers Partner recruitment Menu Experienced careers Search all jobs Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Flexible careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible careers Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Working at PwC Working at PwC Career development Discover our UK offices Inclusion Our business areas Our people. Their stories Reward and benefits Wellbeing at PwC Menu Working at PwC Career development Menu Working at PwC Discover our UK offices Menu Working at PwC Inclusion Menu Working at PwC Our business areas Actuarial Audit Business Solutions Consulting Deals Legal Operate Tax Technology Menu Working at PwC Our people. Their stories Menu Working at PwC Reward and benefits Menu Working at PwC Wellbeing at PwC Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Our people, their stories. Our people, their stories. Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Loading Results No Match Found View All Results Changing employer is one of life’s important milestones. Our application experience We know how important it is to find an employer who shares your values and provides an environment where you can grow and develop. When you apply to us, your experience will be managed in a personable and professional way. Here are some of the things you can expect when you apply. Applying Application assessment We value diversity Unsuccessful applicants at review stage Unsuccessful applications at interview stage Application assessment Our initial assessment will involve looking at your application to review your skills and experience related to the role, so make it stand out. We value diversity Diversity in every form makes us a stronger business and helps us perform at our best for our clients and each other. Unsuccessful applicants at review stage If you're unsuccessful, our team will send you an email and provide information on other roles that may align better with your skills. You're welcome to explore and reapply for those roles if they are of interest to you. Unsuccessful applications at interview stage You will receive a phone call from one of our recruiters with feedback. We’ll also email you a satisfaction survey, encouraging you to provide feedback on your experience, and inviting you to look at other roles that may suit your skills better. Recruitment process Dedicated recruitment contact PwC Professional Job matching Your feedback matters Preparing to join Dedicated recruitment contact There are multiple stages to our hiring process, and they vary by business area and grade. But some things apply to every interview process. If successful in the second stage of our recruitment process, you’ll receive a call from one of our recruiters assigned to support you through our recruitment process. PwC Professional All our interviews are aligned to our behavioural framework which we call the ‘PwC Professional’. Click here to learn more Job matching When assessing your application we’ll also be considering if your skills are suitable for other parts of our business and where appropriate, we will discuss other opportunities with you. Your feedback matters At key stages of the hiring process you’ll have the opportunity to provide us with feedback. We use this to continue to maintain best practice and candidate satisfaction. Preparing to join As you progress through the offer process, your dedicated recruiter will keep you up to date and informed on what to expect. After receiving your offer, you’ll be given access to your personalised onboarding portal. In the portal you’ll see any outstanding tasks, a copy of your offer letter, and key information such as your start date, your career coach and details on the office locations you’re joining. You’ll also be able to access a range of helpful articles covering topics such as our hiring process, and the dress code on your first day. For any other queries you may have ahead of your start date, there’s an option in the portal to submit additional questions to our team, who will be happy to support. Once you join, you’ll meet your buddy, as well as your new team. They will all help you settle into your role. Application support The behaviours we look for Assessments - What to expect Applying with a disability Work permit Frequently asked questions Recruitment agencies Join our Talent Community Sign up today From entry level to experienced professionals Search jobs Follow PwC UK Careers Working at PwC Inclusion Reward and benefits Discover our UK offices Our People. Their Stories. Talent Community Alumni Our Business Actuarial Audit Consulting Deals Business Solutions Legal Operate Risk Tax Technology Early Careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Event search Job search Employability hub Training and development Applying and FAQs Experienced Careers Our job search Careers toolkit Applying Partner Recruitment Flexible and contractor Our job search Flexible careers Contractor careers Join our Talent Community Your account © 2020 - 2026 PwC. All rights reserved. PwC refers to the PwC network and/or one or more of its member firms, each of which is a separate legal entity. Please see www.pwc.com/structure for further details. Privacy Statement Cookies info Legal Disclaimer About Site Provider Provision of Services Diversity Web Accessibility