Careers - The D. E. Shaw Group Investor Login Home Who We Are Leadership Founder Core Principles Our People What We Do Investment Management Technology Development Risk Management Entrepreneurship Industry Leadership How To Join Career Development Choose Your Path Interviewing Internships Benefits News Library Contact Investor Login Home Who We Are Leadership Founder Core Principles Our People What We Do Investment Management Technology Development Risk Management Entrepreneurship Industry Leadership How To Join Career Development Choose Your Path Interviewing Internships Benefits News Library Contact Add job to your application bundle Job added to your application bundle Apply Now 0 Other Job s Selected Apply Now Original Submission s : Removing these jobs from your application bundle will withdraw your application from consideration towards this position. New Submission s : 4 How To Join The D. E. Shaw group is a home for curious minds. We have high ethical standards and enjoy solving difficult problems. Joining our team means you’ll work with an intellectually rigorous, creative, and (occasionally) nerdy set of individuals. We are committed to supporting our people in work and life, which is why we offer full-time employees benefits such as family building programs and a charitable gift match program. Click here to apply . 4.1 Career Development To ensure that our curious staff never stops learning, we offer onsite and online courses to aid in professional development, we utilize a supportive mentorship system, and we bring in leading thinkers from academia and industry to discuss everything from space exploration to the physics of cooking. We also curate a Technical Speaker series dedicated to computing, economics, machine learning, and statistics. Our goal is to give all of our staff the opportunity to grow through challenging work, friendly colleagues, and a culture of continuous learning. 4.2 Choose Your Path I am a Curious Human Curious Human Professional University Faculty Member University Student interested in All available jobs All available jobs All available internships Administration COO Group Communications Design and Experience Executive Assistance Financial Operations Financial Research Human Capital Investment Analysis Investor Relations Legal & Compliance Quantitative Strategies Software Development Strategy and Business Development Technology Venture Studio – Internal Venture Studio – Portfolio at your Worldwide Worldwide New York Denver India London Singapore offices. Viewing 4 of No jobs available for your search, please try something else. Add job to your application bundle Administration Singapore icon Receptionist (Singapore) : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a receptionist to join its office administration team. This team is responsible for creating a welcoming and professional environment for staff and… Communications New York icon Internal Communications Associate : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a talented individual to join its Communications group as an associate on its Internal Communications team. This team is responsible for developing and… Communications New York icon Thought Leadership Associate – External Communications : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a proactive, analytical individual with proven research and communication skills to join its External Communications group as an associate on its… Communications New York icon Thought Leadership Associate — Hedge Fund Portfolio Strategy : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a proactive, analytical individual to help build its Hedge Fund Portfolio Strategy function, which develops portfolio and markets-related insights into… COO Group New York icon Associate – Firmwide Technology Management : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a proactive, collaborative, and highly organized individual to work with the chief of staff to the firm’s senior-most technology leadership. This… COO Group New York icon COO Group Associate : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a creative, critical thinker with demonstrated analytical, communication, and project leadership skills to join its COO Group. This individual will… Design and Experience New York icon Product Designer : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a product designer to join the Human Capital team focused on delivering high-quality, organized design execution across multiple platforms. The team… Executive Assistance New York icon Executive Assistant – Senior Support (Non-Traditional, 6-Month LTA) : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a proactive and highly organized individual to provide exceptional administrative and operational support to senior executives, regardless of prior… Executive Assistance New York icon Executive Assistant – Senior Support (Traditional, 6-Month LTA) : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a highly organized, resourceful, proactive individual to provide exceptional administrative and operational support to senior executives at the firm.… Executive Assistance New York icon Senior Executive Assistant : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a highly organized, resourceful, proactive individual to provide exceptional administrative and operational support to senior executives at the firm.… Executive Assistance New York icon Senior Executive Assistant – Executive Support : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a highly capable, forward-thinking individual to serve as a strategic partner to a senior member of the firm. This individual will enable… Financial Operations / Strategy and Business Development New York icon Financial Analysis & Reporting Associate : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a highly organized, resourceful, and proactive individual to join its Financial Analysis & Reporting (FA&R) team within Financial Operations. FA&R… Financial Operations / Strategy and Business Development New York icon Financial Analysis & Reporting Senior Manager : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a leader with impressive commercial judgment, critical thinking, and communication skills to join its Financial Analysis & Reporting (FA&R) team within… Financial Operations New York icon Management Reporting and Compensation Associate : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a skilled associate to join its Management Reporting team within Financial Operations. The team is responsible for delivering high-impact analysis and… Financial Operations New York icon MBOSS Strategy and Execution Lead, Financial Operations : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a strategy and execution lead to join the Middle/Back Office Strategy and Support (MBOSS) team within Financial Operations. MBOSS drives… Financial Operations New York icon Senior Associate, Global Middle Office - Financial Operations : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a motivated and detail-oriented professional to join its growing global Middle Office function. This team supports the lifecycle of the firm’s global… Financial Operations New York icon Senior Associate, Management Reporting : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a senior associate with exceptional commercial and analytical skills to join its Management Reporting team within Financial Operations. The team is… Financial Research Denver icon Fundamental Equities – AI Product Analyst (Denver) : The D. E. Shaw group seeks an AI product analyst to join its Fundamental Equities team. This team conducts fundamental, data-driven analysis across a broad array of industries to… Financial Research Denver icon Strategic Intelligence: Software & AI Research Analyst (Denver) : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a highly skilled research analyst to join its rapidly expanding Strategic Intelligence team in the firm’s new Denver office, with a dedicated focus on… Human Capital New York icon External Writing Coach (Contractor – Intermittent Services) : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a skilled writing coach contractor to provide intermittent individualized coaching services to staff to strengthen their writing skills. These… Human Capital New York icon Human Capital - Project Manager : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a motivated and highly organized project manager to join its Human Capital Analytics and Products (HCAP) team. HCAP manages a rich combination of… Human Capital New York icon Human Capital Analytics Developer : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a talented developer to join its Human Capital (HC) Analytics team. HC Analytics curates and leverages data to help answer strategic and operational… Human Capital New York icon Learning & Development Specialist : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a versatile specialist with a keen interest in artificial intelligence (AI) to join its Learning & Development (L&D) team. This team develops… Human Capital New York icon Product Manager – Data Warehouse : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a product manager to join its Human Capital Products team to support the ongoing development of data infrastructure that enables people analytics. This… Human Capital New York icon Professional and Technical Writing Coach (Full-time) : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a skilled writing coach to join its Learning & Development (L&D) team, which helps the firm’s talent excel through customized learning offerings. The… Human Capital New York icon Recruiting Coordinator (2-year LTA) : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a proactive, efficient, and technologically proficient individual to join the firm’s Recruiting team. This person will play an active role in the… Human Capital New York icon Researcher - People Analytics : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a people analytics professional to join its Human Capital (HC) Analytics team as a research associate. Members of HC Analytics are curators of employee… Human Capital New York icon Senior AI Engineer – Human Capital : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a senior engineer with a deep interest in artificial intelligence (AI) to help lead its Human Capital (HC) team’s AI initiatives. This individual will… Investment Analysis New York icon DESIM Technical Strategist Associate : The D. E. Shaw group seeks an analytically and technically oriented individual to join the D. E. Shaw Investment Management (DESIM) group as a technical strategist… Investor Relations New York icon Sales and Relationship Management Associate (New York) : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a detail-oriented sales and relationship management associate to join its Investor Relations team. The team partners with stakeholders across the firm… Legal & Compliance New York icon Compliance Analyst : The D. E. Shaw group seeks an analyst to work closely with a team of attorneys and compliance professionals to help ensure the firm’s business activities are conducted in strict… Legal & Compliance New York icon Compliance Officer : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a proactive and detail-oriented compliance professional to join its Legal & Compliance team. This role supports multiple aspects of the firm's… Legal & Compliance New York icon Executive Compensation and Employee Benefits Attorney : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a talented attorney to join its Legal & Compliance team to counsel the firm on a variety of legal matters primarily related to executive compensation… Legal & Compliance New York icon Investment Management Legal Analyst : The D. E. Shaw group seeks an analyst to work closely with its team of attorneys who support the firm's investor facing activities and ensure those activities are conducted in… Legal & Compliance New York icon Legal Analyst : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a proactive, detail-oriented legal analyst to join its Legal & Compliance team. This individual will collaborate closely with attorneys, contributing… Legal & Compliance London icon Legal Analyst and Contract Negotiator (London) : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a proactive, detail-oriented legal analyst and Contract Negotiator to join its Legal & Compliance team. This individual will collaborate closely with… Legal & Compliance New York icon All Positions in Legal & Compliance : Are you looking for new challenges and collaborative problem-solving opportunities at the firm, but finding that the perfect role for you might not be currently available? If you’d like… Quantitative Strategies / Technology New York icon Applied AI Engineer : The D. E. Shaw group seeks exceptional software engineers with expertise in applied AI, AI agents, and agentic systems to join the firm. This role offers the chance to work… Quantitative Strategies New York icon Machine Learning Researcher : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a machine learning researcher to conduct quantitative research using modern machine learning (ML) techniques. In this role, the researcher will develop… Quantitative Strategies / Technology New York icon Product Manager — AI Vendor Tools : The D. E. Shaw group seeks an experienced product manager to join its Application Engineering team. This group develops and maintains a range of internal software solutions,… Quantitative Strategies New York icon Quantitative Analyst : Quants at the D. E. Shaw group apply mathematical techniques and write software to develop, analyze, and implement statistical models for our computerized financial trading… Quantitative Strategies New York icon Software Developer : Technology is integral to virtually everything the D. E. Shaw group does, which is why we seek exceptional software developers with a range of quantitative and programming… Quantitative Strategies New York icon Systems: Cloud Engineer : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a skilled cloud platform engineer to join its Systems team. This engineer will engage directly with technologists across the firm, identifying… Quantitative Strategies New York icon Systems: Network Reliability Engineer : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a Network Reliability Engineering to join its Systems group. This is a hands-on, technical role within a cross-platform team responsible for… Quantitative Strategies / Software Development / Technology New York icon Technical Product Manager - Macro : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a product manager to join its Macro group. The Macro team leverages advanced technology and close collaboration between traders and developers to… Quantitative Strategies New York icon All Positions in Quantitative Strategies : Are you looking for new challenges and collaborative problem-solving opportunities at the firm, but finding that the perfect role for you might not be currently available? If you’d like… Software Development / Technology New York icon Software Developer: Developer Experience : The D. E. Shaw group seeks talented software developers to join our Developer Experience team. This team is responsible for empowering software developers across the firm by… Strategy and Business Development New York icon Rotational Associates Program : The D. E. Shaw group seeks talented, intellectually curious individuals to join our Rotational Associates Program. Rotational associates collaborate on challenging, meaningful… Strategy and Business Development New York icon Strategy and Business Development Associate – Commercial Data Insights : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a proactive, analytical, and resourceful individual to join its strategy and business development (SBD) arm, working with our Investor Relations and… Technology New York icon Founder's Office: Technology Specialist : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a talented technologist with impressive achievements to join the Founder's Office, which provides direct technical support to the firm's founder. This… Technology New York icon Infrastructure Software Engineer: Application Engineering : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a lead software engineer to join its Application Engineering (AppEng) team in the Systems group. This role involves partnering with developers,… Technology New York icon Lead Modern Workplace Engineer : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a lead-level engineer to join its End User Computing (EUC) team. The EUC team is responsible for engineering and operations across the firm’s end-user… Technology New York icon MBOT Chief of Staff : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a chief of staff to join its Middle & Back Office Technology (MBOT) group. The MBOT team is responsible for developing and supporting technology… Technology New York icon Product Manager — Legal Technology Infrastructure : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a product manager to join its new Legal Technology team and own the infrastructure that determines how legal documents and metadata are stored,… Technology London icon Quant Systems: Systems Developer (London) : The D. E. Shaw group seeks an inquisitive technology enthusiast to join its Quant Systems team. This is a hands-on technical role within an engineering team responsible for high… Technology New York icon Quant Systems: Systems Developer (New York) : The D. E. Shaw group seeks an inquisitive technology enthusiast to join its Quant Systems team as a systems developer. The Quant Systems team designs and maintains the firm’s… Technology London icon Senior Virtualization and Storage Engineer (London) : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a skilled senior engineer to join its Systems team and lead the modernization of the firm’s virtualization platform. This individual contributor role… Technology New York icon Senior Virtualization and Storage Engineer (New York) : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a skilled senior engineer to join its Systems team and lead the modernization of the firm’s virtualization platform. This individual contributor role… Technology New York icon Systems Administrator (New York) : The D. E. Shaw group seeks motivated individuals with impressive records of academic and/or professional achievement to join our Systems team as systems administrators. Systems… Technology London icon Systems: Senior Linux Infrastructure Engineer (London) : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a senior systems engineer with extensive Linux experience to join its Platform Engineering team. This is a hands-on, technical role within a global… Technology New York icon Systems: Senior Linux Infrastructure Engineer (New York) : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a senior systems engineer with extensive Linux experience to join its Platform Engineering team. This is a hands-on, technical role within a global… Technology New York icon Video and Voice Engineer : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a voice and video engineer to join its Systems team. This team oversees the firm’s global voice and video infrastructure, including calling platforms,… Technology New York icon All Positions in Systems : Are you looking for new challenges and collaborative problem-solving opportunities at the firm, but finding that the perfect role for you might not be currently available? If you’d like… Technology New York icon Full-Stack Software Engineer: Application Engineering : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a full-stack software engineer to join its Application Engineering (AppEng) team in the Systems group. The AppEng team builds and supports a variety of… Venture Studio – Internal New York icon AI Product Engineer – Venture Studio (Startup Incubator) : The D. E. Shaw group seeks a pragmatic, engineering-oriented AI technical product manager to join its DESCOvery team’s venture studio. The DESCOvery team ideates, researches, and… Venture Studio – Internal New York icon Entrepreneur in Residence : A new venture of the D. E. Shaw group (“DESCO”) seeks talented and highly motivated individuals to join its Entrepreneur in Residence (EIR) program as part of our DESCOvery… Venture Studio – Portfolio New York icon Start-up Ventures: Account Executive (Transaction Advisor) - Sales at Wisable : Wisable, a tech-enabled business brokerage spun out from D. E. Shaw’s venture studio, seeks a Transaction Advisor to lead the acquisition of new clients through a consultative… Venture Studio – Portfolio New York icon Start-up Ventures: Associate, M&A Advisory at Wisable : Wisable, a tech-enabled business brokerage spun out of D. E. Shaw’s venture studio, seeks a transaction advisor to guide clients through the business sale process, from… Venture Studio – Portfolio New York icon Start-up Ventures: Director of Accounting at Vitruvio : Vitruvio is a tech-enabled fina