Adjustments to the early careers recruitment process | Early Careers | PwC UK Careers Skip to content Skip to footer Early careers Experienced careers Flexible or contractor careers Working at PwC Our people, their stories. More Search Menu Early careers Early careers Applying and FAQs Employability hub Entry level Graduate Our events Our job search Training and development Undergraduate Menu Early careers Applying and FAQs Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessment and selection process Do you need immigration authorisation to work in the UK? FAQs The behaviours we look for Menu Early careers Employability hub Menu Early careers Entry level Entry level programmes Flying Start degree programmes New World. New Skills. Virtual Insight Programme Menu Early careers Graduate Advisory and Consulting Audit, Accounting, Tax and Finance Legal Services Strategy Technology and AI Menu Early careers Our events Virtual Classroom Menu Early careers Our job search Menu Early careers Training and development Menu Early careers Undergraduate Diversity Programmes Legal Summer Vacation Scheme Summer Internship Undergraduate Work Placement Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Experienced careers Experienced careers Application support Careers toolkit Partner recruitment Search all jobs Menu Experienced careers Application support Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessments - what to expect Our application experience PwC sponsorship and working permits Recruitment agencies The behaviours we look for Menu Experienced careers Careers toolkit Menu Experienced careers Partner recruitment Menu Experienced careers Search all jobs Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Flexible careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible careers Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Working at PwC Working at PwC Career development Discover our UK offices Inclusion Our business areas Our people. Their stories Reward and benefits Wellbeing at PwC Menu Working at PwC Career development Menu Working at PwC Discover our UK offices Menu Working at PwC Inclusion Menu Working at PwC Our business areas Actuarial Audit Business Solutions Consulting Deals Legal Operate Tax Technology Menu Working at PwC Our people. Their stories Menu Working at PwC Reward and benefits Menu Working at PwC Wellbeing at PwC Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Our people, their stories. Our people, their stories. Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Loading Results No Match Found View All Results Explore early careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Events Applying and FAQs Employability Hub More Explore early careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Events Applying and FAQs Employability Hub Early careers Recruitment adjustments and support Supporting every candidate to perform at their best. Our commitment to inclusive recruitment We recognise your talent, potential and the unique strengths that you bring as a disabled or neurodivergent person. We're building an inclusive culture where everyone feels they belong, and we welcome applications from people who are disabled, neurodivergent, or who live with other long-term conditions. We’re committed to treating all our job applicants fairly and with respect, irrespective of their actual or assumed background, disability, neurodiversity or any other protected characteristic. We want you to have every opportunity to thrive in our selection process. If you need adjustments or have accessibility requirements in relation to a disability, neurodivergence or long-term condition, let us know when you apply so we can help you bring your best to the recruitment process. Sharing your needs and getting in touch Adjustments during the recruitment process Workplace adjustments once you join PwC Inclusive networks and disability communities at PwC Sharing your needs and getting in touch We understand that sharing your needs with us can feel like a big step, but please be assured that we only ask so that we can understand how you are impacted. Please share what you’re comfortable with to help us put the right support in place. Anything you tell us will be kept completely confidential and only used to support you in the application process. If you have any questions about adjustments before or during your application, we welcome the opportunity to discuss this with you and talk about any adjustments we can make to appropriately adapt our process for you fairly. For any queries relating to the adjustments process at PwC please contact the early careers helpdesk . Adjustments during the recruitment process We’re committed to removing disability-related barriers, and are happy to discuss adjustments to our processes with you. Advise us in good time, so that we can support you to perform at your best. Once you’ve shared the adjustments you need in your application form, we will review and apply these where feasible and get in contact with you if we need more information, or to discuss alternative arrangements. We strongly recommend you detail all adjustments you need within your online application form to ensure you are supported through each stage of the selection process. However, please remember you can reach out to us at any stage during the process, but please make us aware of any adjustments you need before making any attempt to complete the assessment stage. You can find some details of our selection process on this site to help you know what to expect. Workplace adjustments once you join PwC We know that people can have different needs on assessment process to in the workplace, and the information you share during the application process is kept confidential and only used to adjust assessments. When you accept an offer of employment with us, we’ll ask you to confirm any adjustments you need for the workplace (including any professional qualifications you may be taking), so we can put the right support in place as you join. We’ll discuss your adjustments with you before joining as far as possible and we’ll always collaborate with you on any support to be put into place. You’ll be able to access information on workplace adjustments and how to request these as part of the onboarding process. Our Health & Safety team provide workstation assessments, and we also have a central cross-team IT Workplace Adjustments group who can help get you the equipment you need to carry out your role successfully, such as ergonomic hardware or assistive software. Our on-site Tech Lounges offer demos of different products. Some examples of adjustments we’ve previously made for colleagues at PwC are: BSL interpreters. Priority desks in our flexible workspace environment. Providing a different type of phone or laptop. Ergonomic chairs. Adapted keyboards and mice. Speech-to-text and magnification software, such as Dragon, ZoomText and SuperNova. Inclusive networks and disability communities at PwC Our fourteen people networks share the aim of providing a sense of community, inspiring and supporting diverse talent and raising awareness of diversity within our firm and creating a genuinely inclusive culture at PwC. DAWN, our Disability Awareness Network, is for everyone, whether you're affected personally, support a colleague or relative. The network holds events and raises awareness around disability, neurodiversity, and specific conditions, for example, deafness, autism, ADHD, visual impairments, stammering, chronic pain, cancer and more. We want to use our position as a large employer to improve access to meaningful careers for disabled and neurodivergent people. We are a Disability Confident Employer, and we’ve joined the Valuable 500 at a global level. We are also members of Business Disability Forum and Neurodiversity in Business . We look forward to receiving your application. Application Support The behaviours we look for Selection process FAQs Do you need immigration authorisation? Frequently asked questions Can I request adjustments during the PwC Early Careers application process? PwC welcomes applications from people who are disabled, neurodivergent, or who live with other long-term conditions and offers adjustments throughout the recruitment process. When should I tell PwC about the adjustments I need? You can share adjustment needs in your online application form and are encouraged to do so before attempting any assessments. Will the information I share about my adjustments be kept confidential? Any information shared is treated confidentially and only used to support you during the application process. Who can I contact if I have questions about adjustments? If you have questions before or during your application, you can contact us via our recruitment queries page to discuss support options. What support is available once I join PwC? After accepting an offer, you can request workplace adjustments and discuss ongoing support, including equipment or assistive software. Follow PwC UK Careers Working at PwC Inclusion Reward and benefits Discover our UK offices Our People. Their Stories. Talent Community Alumni Our Business Actuarial Audit Consulting Deals Business Solutions Legal Operate Risk Tax Technology Early Careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Event search Job search Employability hub Training and development Applying and FAQs Experienced Careers Our job search Careers toolkit Applying Partner Recruitment Flexible and contractor Our job search Flexible careers Contractor careers Join our Talent Community Your account © 2020 - 2026 PwC. All rights reserved. PwC refers to the PwC network and/or one or more of its member firms, each of which is a separate legal entity. Please see www.pwc.com/structure for further details. Privacy Statement Cookies info Legal Disclaimer About Site Provider Provision of Services Diversity Web Accessibility