Job Application for Senior Director of People Operations at Monzo Back to jobs New Senior Director of People Operations Cardiff, London or Remote (UK) Apply 🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ 📍London/Cardiff/UK Remote | 💰competitive salary + equity + Incentive Awards tied to your performance + Benefits ✨ Our People team⭐ We call it Monzo Magic. Mission. Action. Growth. Inclusion. Care. It runs through everything that we do and within the People Team it’s how we set Monzo up for success by bringing mission-led people together to do work and banking differently. We foster a culture that centres on our customers and brings together the best of tech with the best of banking. We empower a diverse, high-performing, innovative and agile workforce in doing the most impactful work of their careers to date. We’re looking for a visionary and highly strategic leader to shape and lead how we streamline people processes and use technology to leverage the impact and value of our global workforce. Reporting directly to our VP, Reward & People Operations, this role will own and lead Monzo’s vital people operations pillars: People Technology, People Analytics & Insights, Global Mobility, and People Operations & Payroll. You will partner closely with leadership to build a seamless, data-driven foundation for Monzo’s global workforce. This is a brilliant time to join Monzo. You will inherit a talented, established group of SMEs at a pivotal transition time for the organisation as we implement our new HRIS (Workday), accelerate the adoption of AI technologies across the organisation, and are expanding the business into Europe. 🔑You’ll play a key role by... You’ll create and champion a multi-year strategy and technical roadmap that aligns with our overall business goals, delivering seamless People processes You’ll be responsible for setting and driving the AI strategy across the People Team, leading an existing cross team People AI project squad You’ll be responsible for navigating governance and Executive stakeholder management, enabling the teams to focus on execution You’ll act as a thought leader, bringing the best industry practices to drive automation, continuous process improvement, leveraging technology to enhance self-service and digital transformation across all people touchpoints, improving the experience for Monzonauts, candidates, and managers You’ll lead activity to mature our people analytics capabilities, ensuring we have high-quality insights and predictive analytics that help leadership make evidence-based people decisions You’ll collaborate with your team leads to manage strategic relationships and optimise commercial budgets with external tech vendors and operational partners, ensuring we select, negotiate, and implement the highest-quality solutions for Monzo's scaling needs You’ll champion and uphold strong governance, control frameworks, and auditable processes across payroll, mobility, and systems to protect the integrity of our data, ensure compliance with localised employment laws, and pass financial audits with flying colours You’ll oversee the review of Monzo’s global payroll infrastructure and operations Direct reports: People Operations & Payroll Lead - lead a team of payroll and people operations associates Head of People Technology (Systems & Data) - responsible for a team of people systems and data experts, owner of HRIS implementation and our full people systems stack Global Mobility Lead - leads a team responsible for Monzo’s global mobility and immigration programmes People Analytics & Insights Specialist - 🆕role (to hire) responsible for delivering enhanced people and performance analytics and insights 🤩 We’d love to hear from you if… You’ve got extensive experience designing and leading People Operations and Technology strategies at scale, and you’re just as comfortable moving from high-level organisational design to getting your hands dirty You know the inner workings of People infrastructure inside and out - from payroll cycles and global mobility frameworks to managing complex enterprise HRIS ecosystems (ideally with direct exposure to Workday implementations or governance) - and you excel at navigating global, matrixed environments You are a collaborative, consultative leader and expert stakeholder manager, comfortable partnering with our VP and C-suite team to translate complex technical, compliance, or operational challenges into clear, business-focused narratives You are deeply clued up on GDPR, data privacy laws, localised payroll regulations, and international employment compliance. And of course, you’re an inspiring, passionate people leader who loves enabling and supporting technical experts and SMEs, fostering continuous development and improved ways of working. Experience in any of the following systems (desirable, not mandatory): Hibob, Workday, Greenhouse, Lattice, Peakon, Globalshares, Pave, Looker 🙌 What’s in it for you 💰 Competitive salary range ➕ Equity ➕ Incentive Awards tied to your performance. 📍This role can be based in our London office, but we're open to distributed working within the UK (with ad hoc meetings in London) ⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team. 📚 £1,000 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences. 🏡 We will set you up to work from home; all employees are given Macbooks and for fully remote workers we will provide extra support for your work-from-home setup. ➕ Plus lots more! Read our full list of benefits . 🌈 The application journey has 3 key steps Call with Recruiter Initial Call with Hiring Manager 3 Loop Interviews We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo. You can read them here. We’ll only close this role once we have enough applications for the next stage. Please submit your application as soon as possible to make sure you don’t miss out. #LI-DH1 #LI-REMOTE Equal opportunities for everyone Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our blog , 2026 Diversity and Inclusion Report and 2025 Gender Pay Gap Report. We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status. If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊 Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf 🇺🇸 Are you a US Person? * Select... A US Person is defined as someone who: was born in the United States (US) has at least 1 parent who was born in the US is a naturalised citizen of the US is a green card holder is a US tax resident 🔐 Keeping your data safe is really important to us. Please take a look at our Candidate Data Privacy Notice (linked below) and confirm that you have. * Select... 🔗 Candidate Data Privacy Notice . If you’d like to, please share your preferred pronouns (eg. they/them/theirs, she/her/hers). If you'd like to, please spell out your name how it's pronounced so we know how to say it. 🛂 Please confirm your Right to Work status in the location where this job is advertised. * Select... We legally have to verify that you have the right to work in the location where you'd be working from. Your answer to this question won't affect the outcome of your application, unless you'd need visa sponsorship but are applying to a role we don't sponsor. 👤 Identity survey Our goal at Monzo is to make money work for everyone. To do that, working at Monzo must work for everyone. We want to create an equitable, engaged and innovative workplace which gives people from all backgrounds the support they need to thrive and grow. Making Monzo work for everyone starts right at the beginning of every Monzonaut's journey: when they apply to work here. This demographic survey will help us better understand the people who apply to work at Monzo. It'll help us see how different groups progress through our hiring process, and where we need to make improvements to be more inclusive. If you choose to fill it out, all of the information you give us is: Voluntary . And we've included a "prefer not to say" option for every question. It'd be helpful if you still fill out the survey even if you choose "prefer not to say" for every question, as it's useful for us to understand & record this. We won't know if you choose to fill this survey in or not. Anonymous to Monzo . We can't tie your responses to you and they won't make a difference to the outcome of your application. We'll only use grouped responses for equal opportunities monitoring in our hiring process. For more information on how we'll use this data, please read our candidate privacy notice . By filling out this survey, you agree that we can use your responses for the purposes we've mentioned above. You are not letting us know if we need to make any adjustments to the hiring process because of disability or neurodiversity - to do this please email us. How would you describe your gender identity? Select... Do you identify as transgender? Select... What's your sexual orientation? Select... Do you identify as having a disability? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodivergent? Select... How would your describe your ethnicity? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse