International Trade | Frontier Economics Frontier Economics People Careers Working With Us Interns Analysts & Apprentice Analysts Experienced Economists Vacancies and Apply Equity, Diversity & Inclusion Learning & Development Contact Us English English Deutsch Français Español Sectors Expertise News & Insights About Us Economic and strategic advice you can count on, across a broad range of sectors Automotive Climate Change Communications Digital Economics of AI Energy Financial Services Health and Social Care Post Retail and Consumer Technology Transport Water Cunliffe review: what's next for water Read our new series of papers, where we share our initial thoughts on the future regulation of the sector Read now Our economists use a collective wealth of knowledge and experience to solve clients' issues Behavioural Economics Competition Data Science & AI Dispute Support Finance International Trade Public Policy Regulation Strategy Transfer pricing Merger Benefits Unit Frontier responds to CMA consultations on a range of reforms to the UK competition regime Frontier has actively engaged with these CMA consultations, including its ongoing consultation on merger efficiencies. Read now Read our new publications and get the latest insights from our economic experts Articles News Events Case Studies Frontier Focus Economic Advisory Council UK carbon capture strengths revealed in new Frontier–Clarivate analysis Our report, co-authored with Clarivate, highlights where the UK already has an edge. Read now Get to know our experts and how we can help you Who We Are Our Approach Social Impact People Social Impact Report Advisory Council: economists and business leaders working with Frontier Linking experience from government, academia and business with the questions clients face. Read now ✕ Sectors Sectors Automotive Climate Change Communications Digital Economics of AI Energy Financial Services Health and Social Care Post Retail and Consumer Technology Transport Water Expertise Expertise Behavioural Economics Competition Data Science & AI Dispute Support Finance International Trade Public Policy Regulation Strategy Transfer pricing Merger Benefits Unit News & Insights News & Insights Articles News Events Case Studies Frontier Focus Economic Advisory Council About Us About Us Who We Are Our Approach Social Impact People Social Impact Report People Careers Careers Working With Us Interns Analysts & Apprentice Analysts Experienced Economists Vacancies and Apply Equity, Diversity & Inclusion Learning & Development Contact Us English Language English Deutsch Français Español Home Expertise International Trade International Trade Changing the terms of trade Freeing trade in goods and services has been a potent force for economic growth and development. But trade has changed. Nations specialise in tasks as much as products, as businesses integrate into global value chains. The rules and institutions governing trade are also facing their biggest challenges since the second world war. Staying open for trade Global trade and technological change have made economies more interconnected. Policy needs are more complex, as are negotiations on trade rules. The key questions are no longer conventional border measures such as tariffs, but “behind-the-border” measures such as regulation, state aid, and intellectual property. We advise on: Policy reform Policy modelling Trade litigation and negotiations Trade promotion and diplomacy Trade negotiation strategies Our advice is supported by our expertise in infrastructure reform, technology and innovation, competition policy, public policy and regulation. Find out more: Policy , Competition , Regulation Trade policy modelling Trade policy looms large in the news. The UK’s impending departure from the EU means that it will need to devise its own trade policy for the first time in recent memory. The EU itself has much unfinished business on trade, both internally and with the rest of the world. Designing trade policy is complex, spanning tariffs to beef, to regulating financial services, to state aid. If done correctly, policy reforms can benefit the reforming country and its trade partners. Our strengths are based not only on our advisory capabilities, but also on our experience of implementing reforms. Our experience includes: Impact analysis, both economy-wide and for particular sectors or stakeholders Evaluating public policy and regulatory impacts of policy reforms Trade Policy Reform Evaluating the impact of trade reforms and negotiations usually requires quantitative modelling. We use econometric approaches, supplemented as needed by macro-economic modelling frameworks. But we don’t just rely on the numbers – we’re careful to describe the underlying narrative and policy implications. Our experience includes modelling: the impacts of free trade agreements on trade and growth the impacts of policy or regulatory changes on the whole economy and individual sectors the social and economic impacts of specific activities and industries Trade litigation and negotiation Trade litigation spans issues including trade remedies, such as anti-dumping action, and disputes before international tribunals. And trade negotiations take place at bilateral, regional and multilateral levels. In trade litigation, our work focuses on providing: specific quantitative answers, for example working out the margin of dumping economic analysis of the key questions in dispute, such as whether competitive interactions within an industry have been correctly described). Our experience around trade negotiations includes: Evaluating the payoffs from alternative negotiating positions Understanding the sector and policy impacts of negotiations Drafting schedules of liberalisation commitments Trade promotion and diplomacy Trade negotiations are not the only way through which government diplomacy can enhance a country’s export capacity. Governments can also increase opportunities for businesses overseas through supporting interventions such as providing market intelligence, fostering networking opportunities and arranging exhibitions and fairs. Though these activities have a long history, in more recent times there has been a greater interest in identifying how these activities can deliver better value for money. Our experience includes: Using quantitative tools to identify the economic returns from specific types of export-support activity Conducting studies to demonstrate the economic value generated by trade diplomacy Programme reviews of trade promotion on a country-specific or cross-country basis Modelling the effects of closer UK-EU cooperation and of US tariffs Frontier was commissioned by Best for Britain to model the economic impact of strengthening the UK/EU relationship through greater cooperation on regulation. The Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism - its impact on UK competitiveness and carbon pricing Frontier was appointed by the Commission for Carbon Competitiveness, a cross-party and cross-industry group, to examine the impact on UK government revenue of the imposition of a Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (CBAM) to reflect the carbon emissions-intensity of imports. Read more Will the EU’s approach to strategic autonomy prove to be self-defeating? As a result of a review of the EU’s trade policies, the European Commission (EC) adopted the concept of strategic autonomy as one of its guiding principles. Read more Evaluating the impact of export promotion activities on firm outcomes Frontier’s study, commissioned by the Department for Business & Trade (DBT), provides insights into the potential benefits of export promotion initiatives for the UK economy. Read more Related articles View all Trade | Trade in turbulence At the crossroads: Taking stock of UK trade policy November 2025 Trade Anarchy day April 2025 Trade Tariffs: the day the music died April 2025 Trade The needle and the damage done February 2025 Related news Trade Modelling UK-EU integration July 2026 Public Policy | Trade Modelling the effects of closer UK-EU cooperation and of US tariffs February 2025 Trade An independent review of UK trade policy January 2025 Trade | Public Policy Critical technologies, critical choices July 2024 The Trade Knowledge Exchange The Trade Knowledge Exchange (TKE) was set up to help businesses and officials navigate the new trading landscape which has come about due to the UK’s departure from the EU. We are proud to be TKE's lead partner and offer our expertise in trade policy on key international trade issues. Visit the TKE The complex made simple We use financial analysis, data science, game theory and behavioural economics to turn data into practical advice. Sectors Automotive Climate Change Communications Digital Energy Financial Services Health and Social Care Post Retail and Consumer Technology Transport Water Expertise Behavioural Economics Competition Data Science & AI Dispute Support Finance International Trade Public Policy Regulation Strategy Transfer pricing About Who We Are Our Approach People Working With Us Vacancies and Apply Contact Us Media enquiries Documents Financial Statements - Frontier Economics FY25 Download pdf (847Kb) Carbon Reduction Plan 2025 Download pdf (208Kb) Gender Pay Gap Report 2026 Download pdf (464Kb) Follow Us: Modern Slavery Statement - July 2026 Legals Cookie Policy Copyright 2026 Frontier Economics