Job Application for Senior Data Scientist at Monzo Back to jobs Senior Data Scientist Cardiff, London or Remote (UK) Apply 🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ 📍London | UK remote | 💰 £80,000 to £95,000 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance + Benefits | Hear from the team About our Data Science Team: We're looking for a Senior Product Data Scientist excited to help build the bank of the future. You'll have the opportunity to super charge our user engagement in 2025 and help us to build a bank that customers truly love. At Monzo, we're building a bank that is fair, transparent and a delight to use. We’re growing extremely fast and have over 11 million customers in the UK. We’ve built a product that people love and more than 80% of our growth comes from word of mouth and referrals. Enable Monzo to Make Better Decisions, Faster We have a strong culture of data-driven decision making across the whole company. And we're great believers in powerful, real-time analytics and empowerment of the wider business. All our data lives in one place and is super easy to use. 90% of day-to-day data-driven decisions are covered by self-serve analytics through Looker which gives data scientists the head space to focus on more impactful business questions and analyses. How we hire We are excited to be expanding and are hiring for multiple roles across our Data Science teams! Whether your interests lie in Borrowing, Growth, Payments, Fincrime, Wealth, or Core, we are looking for talented individuals with a versatile skill set to contribute across our squads. While we allocate teams after the interview process, we aim to match your skills and aspirations with the most suitable role. Throughout the process, you will meet team members from across our Data Science collectives, who will guide you through the opportunities available. Join us and be part of shaping our future! What you’ll be working on We work in cross-functional squads where every data scientist is a member of a central data discipline and fully embedded into 1 product squad alongside engineers, designers, marketers, product managers etc. Your day-to-day Applying your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how our users interact with our products and how those insights can inform our product strategy Guide and enable product teams to measure things that matter; initiate or help run A/B experiments to keep improving everything we do Drive together with the finance team a unified company-wide understanding of the lifetime value of our users and how different product features are impacting user profitability Liaise with engineers to keep making sure we collect the right data to produce relevant business insights You should apply if: What we’re doing here at Monzo excites you! You're impact driven and eager to have a real positive impact on the company, product, users and very importantly your colleagues as well You're commercially minded and can put numbers into business perspective You’re as comfortable getting hands-on as taking a step back and thinking strategically You have a self-starter mindset; you proactively identify issues and opportunities and tackle them without being told to do so You're a team player whom your colleagues can rely on You have solid grounding in SQL and preferably Python You have experience in conducting large scale A/B experiments The Interview Process: Our interview process involves three main stages: Recruiter Call Initial Call Technical Interview Final Interview including a case study and collaboration interview Our average process takes around 2-3 weeks but we will always work around your availability. You will have the chance to speak to our recruitment team at various points during your process. What’s in it for you: 💰 £80,000 to £95,000 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance + Benefits ✈️ We can help you relocate to the UK ✅ We can sponsor visas 📍This role can be based in our London office, but we're open to distributed working within the UK (with ad hoc meetings in London). ⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, at times that suit you and your team. 📚 Learning budget of £1,000 a year for books, training courses and conferences ➕And much more, see our full list of benefits here If you prefer to work part-time, we'll make this happen whenever we can - whether this is to help you meet other commitments or strike a great work-life balance. #LI-NB2 #LI-Remote Equal opportunities for everyone Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our blog , 2026 Diversity and Inclusion Report and 2025 Gender Pay Gap Report. We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status. If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊 Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf LinkedIn Profile Are you a US person? * Select... A US Person is defined as someone who: was born in the United States (US) has at least 1 parent who was born in the US is a naturalised citizen of the US is a green card holder is a US tax resident If you’d like to, please share your preferred pronouns (eg. they/them/theirs, she/her/hers). If you'd like to, please spell out your name how it's pronounced so we know how to say it. 🔐 Keeping your data safe is really important to us. Please take a look at our Candidate Data Privacy Notice (linked below) and confirm that you have. * Select... 🔗 Candidate Data Privacy Notice . 🛂 Please confirm your Right to Work status in the location where this job is advertised. * Select... We legally have to verify that you have the right to work in the location where you'd be working from. Your answer to this question won't affect the outcome of your application, unless you'd need visa sponsorship but are applying to a role we don't sponsor. 👤 Identity survey Our goal at Monzo is to make money work for everyone. To do that, working at Monzo must work for everyone. We want to create an equitable, engaged and innovative workplace which gives people from all backgrounds the support they need to thrive and grow. Making Monzo work for everyone starts right at the beginning of every Monzonaut's journey: when they apply to work here. This demographic survey will help us better understand the people who apply to work at Monzo. It'll help us see how different groups progress through our hiring process, and where we need to make improvements to be more inclusive. If you choose to fill it out, all of the information you give us is: Voluntary . And we've included a "prefer not to say" option for every question. It'd be helpful if you still fill out the survey even if you choose "prefer not to say" for every question, as it's useful for us to understand & record this. We won't know if you choose to fill this survey in or not. Anonymous to Monzo . We can't tie your responses to you and they won't make a difference to the outcome of your application. We'll only use grouped responses for equal opportunities monitoring in our hiring process. For more information on how we'll use this data, please read our candidate privacy notice . By filling out this survey, you agree that we can use your responses for the purposes we've mentioned above. You are not letting us know if we need to make any adjustments to the hiring process because of disability or neurodiversity - to do this please email us. How would you describe your gender identity? Select... Do you identify as transgender? Select... What's your sexual orientation? Select... Do you identify as having a disability? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodivergent? Select... How would your describe your ethnicity? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse