Technology & Engineering Skip to main content Quick search People & Culture Overview About our firm Being inclusive People profiles Learning and development Reward and recognition Awards IT’s Her Future Black heritage initiatives Apprentice Overview Audit Consulting Corporate Services Technology & Engineering Tax & Law Work Experience Applying to KPMG Parents, carers and teachers Undergraduate Overview Abilities Talent Insight Black Heritage Talent Insight Social Mobility Talent Insight Vacation programmes One Year Business Placement Applying to KPMG Graduate Overview Audit Consulting Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Experienced professional Overview Audit Consulting Corporate Services Deal Advisory Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Contractors Quick search Menu Close Your tech expertise could ignite change Technology & Engineering graduate programmes Home > Graduate > Technology & Engineering Why Technology & Engineering at KPMG? From the moment you arrive, you’ll notice the energy. It’s a speed of thinking and working that is driven by the digital transformation we’re creating – both within KPMG itself and on behalf of our clients. It’s an exciting time to join us as a graduate in Technology. Technology is at the heart of what we do and part of the very DNA of our business. Our tech teams have the access, capability and connectivity to make possibilities happen, blending tech and business expertise to solve complex problems that help our clients and communities to thrive. We’ve invested in a team of over 2,000 technologists; creating a step change in the way we work. Delivering broader, deeper expertise to our clients faster than ever. Our connected solutions stretch across a range of specialisms. From tech strategy, risk management and data & analytics, through to software engineering, cyber automation, powered applications and cloud transformation. We offer a variety of graduate programmes which will expose you to the different ways in which KPMG works with and deliver technology solutions, including Technology Engineering, Technology Consulting, Powered Apps and Financial Modelling. You’ll work shoulder-to-shoulder with high-profile organisations across multiple industries on a broad range of interesting projects. You could find yourself looking at how data science can support health delivery in the UK, or help clients to manage threats, develop tailor-made technology application solutions, or advise on digital transformation. The opportunities are endless. From day one, we’ll give you the work experience, structured training and development to help you thrive and progress your career. We bring unique perspectives together and work collaboratively across teams – giving you the chance to work with and learn from specialists from across the firm. You’ll also have the opportunity to gain technology specific accreditations relevant to your programme, such as Amazon Web Services, Google and Microsoft. As part of our diverse KPMG community, you'll be empowered to be at your best and create opportunities for yourself , and others. We’re creating a tech-driven business to empower and equip our people to be outstanding in delivery, no matter where they work – through inspiring collaboration spaces and new technologies. In your role, you’ll work flexibly across your location region – at engagement sites, our offices and home. If you want to work with some of the best on emerging technology and practices. To be intellectually stimulated and inspired through learning every day. To know that if you have a big idea, it could become something even bigger. Then bring your creativity to the innovative world of technology at KPMG and help us ignite change. There's always the opportunity to make your mark within Our KPMG. Search all Technology & Engineering graduate programmes Explore Technology & Engineering graduate programmes Programme overview Technology Consulting in Tax Software Engineering in Tax Technology Audit Financial Modelling Powered Applications Technology Consulting in Tax Search and apply Explore this programme Technology is transforming the world of tax. As rules become more complex and organisations work with larger amounts of data, businesses need smarter ways to manage their tax responsibilities and make informed decisions. That's where our Tax Technology team comes in. We combine tax knowledge, technology and data to help organisations solve complex problems and work more efficiently. From using data to uncover insights to developing technology that simplifies processes, our work helps clients make better decisions and stay ahead of change. You'll join a community of more than 300 technologists working across Tax & Legal, helping thousands of clients use technology to tackle real business challenges. Software Engineering in Tax Search and apply Explore this programme Technology is transforming the way tax is managed. Businesses are working with larger volumes of data, responding to changing regulations and looking for smarter ways to solve complex challenges. That's why technology has become an increasingly important part of the tax world. In our Tax Technology & Innovation team, we build the products and platforms that help organisations manage tax more efficiently and make better decisions. From developing new digital tools to improving existing technology, our work helps clients simplify processes, reduce manual effort and access the insights they need. As a Software Engineering in Tax graduate, you'll help create technology that solves real problems for businesses. Working at the intersection of software engineering, data and tax, you'll contribute to products that are used by organisations across the UK and around the world. Technology Audit Search and apply Explore this programme The world’s leading organisations are embracing technology at an incredible pace today. Given the growth of AI, robotics, advanced analytics and Blockchain, there are opportunities for businesses of all sizes to make leaps they couldn’t previously have imagined. It’s the job of our Technology Audit team to identify and mitigate the potential risks and threats that this fast-moving world can produce. As you’d expect, we work as part of KPMG’s wider Audit practice, which provides insight, challenge and expertise to some of the world’s biggest companies. We make a meaningful difference to those businesses and the wider community. You don’t need to be a technical guru to join us. Our current graduates have degrees in a variety of subjects. If you’re curious, agile, pay attention to detail and have the appetite to learn about technology and the role of technology in audit, you’ll thrive with us. You’ll be working as part of a larger team alongside colleagues in Financial Audit, with a particular focus on evaluating the IT systems that underpin an organisation’s key financial processes. Ensuring continuous improvement of audit quality, you’ll assess control risks (including code evaluation and system configuration), financial and operational applications, technology infrastructure and technology projects. We’ll also expect you to assess the cyber security landscape of the business you’re working with. Financial Modelling Explore this programme As a graduate in our Financial Modelling practice, you’ll work directly with clients from day one, applying financial knowledge and technical expertise to deliver a range of services across all sectors. No two projects are the same. Our 3-year graduate programme will give you the opportunity to work on and build relationships with different clients, while providing you with the training to develop the financial, consulting and technology skills required across a broad range of tools such as; Excel, VBA, SQL, Python, Qlikview, Tableau, and Power BI. You’ll be working with some of the best in emerging practices and technologies. Powered Applications Explore this programme As a Powered Applications Graduate, you’ll gain the experience and technical skills, commercial awareness, core consulting skills and flair for business to prepare you for a long and rewarding career in technology. Our 3-year graduate programme will have you working across our different technology-enabled solutions, including Powered HR, Powered Procurement, Powered Finance, SuccessFactors, and ServiceNow. With these skills, you’ll help deliver and support innovative, flexible, technology solutions that deliver lasting outcomes and value for our clients. You’ll build your technical skills through a combination of on-the-job learning and formal training. Bringing together a combination of leading practices and processes, proven technology and next-generation delivery methods to help clients solve real-world business challenges. Connect with us: https://www.facebook.com/KPMGRecruitment/ https://www.instagram.com/kpmgukcareers/ https://www.linkedin.com/company/kpmg-uk/ https://www.youtube.com/@KPMGUKCareers Apprentice Audit Consulting Corporate Services Technology & Engineering Tax & Law Work Experience Applying to KPMG Parents, carers and teachers Undergraduate Abilities Talent Insight Black Heritage Talent Insight Social Mobility Talent Insight Vacation programmes One Year Business Placement Applying to KPMG Graduate Audit Consulting Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Experienced professional Audit Consulting Corporate Services Deal Advisory Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Quick Links FAQ Search and apply Contact us People profiles Legal Privacy Accessibility Cookies Modern Slavery Act Visit kpmg.co.uk Cookie Settings © 2026 KPMG LLP, a UK limited liability partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organisation of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved. For more detail about the structure of the KPMG global organisation please visit home.kpmg/governance. Back to top ;