Supporting Disabled Students & Graduates | My Plus Students' Club Search for Login Register Student jobs Disability stories from the workplace Advice & Resources Disability Careers Guides Disability Statements Blogs FAQs Events Who we work with Testimonials Awards Menu Student jobs Disability stories from the workplace Advice & Resources Disability Careers Guides Disability Statements Blogs FAQs Events Who we work with Testimonials Awards Accessibility About For Employers For Universities We help students and graduates with disabilities land their dream job. Everything from essential advice to employer contacts all in one place, register for free today! Register for your free MyPlus account Find your dream job Realise your career ambitions Dream jobs Free Resources & Career Inspiration Employers Stories Events Sponsors Register for your free MyPlus account Find your dream job Find your dream job Browse all the latest listings for internships, graduate schemes and entry-level roles from disability confident employers. View all jobs Realise your career ambitions MyPlus Students’ Club provides essential careers advice to the 19% of students with a disability or long-term health condition*. We work with top graduate employers and university services to help students realise their career potential. *Disability includes but is not limited to conditions such as: visual and hearing impairments, mobility impairments, autism, diabetes, epilepsy, dyslexia, dyspraxia, mental health conditions, speech impairments and major illnesses such as cancer and MS. View free resources Explore a variety of tools from ebooks and templates to tips on how to be open with employers about a disability. Our resources will continue to grow and develop, so keep checking back. We hope you find them useful. View free resources Need career inspiration? Check out the blogs and stories page from our incredible community of disability confident students, recruiters and career advisers. View all blogs Our featured employers We work with a huge range of companies across lots of different industries. Something for every talent and skill set. Discover them here. View all employers Join us at one of our events This is your opportunity to connect with future employers and gain unique insights. Learn everything you need to know about your dream career and get a head start on how to make an impression at interview. Get to grips with what it means to be disabled in your industry and what you can do to level the playing field during the recruitment process. View all of our events Event Starting: 22 Sep 2026 Your future starts here – Capgemini Graduate Roles – COMING SOON! View event details Event Starting: 23 Sep 2026 Disability disclosure in applications: Informing with confidence View event details Meet our sponsors The biggest employers around and they’re all vying for your attention. Don’t miss out on the opportunity to connect with them. Join today! “I don't think I would've had the career I have had, including working for Barclays, UBS and PWC, if I hadn't found MyPlus Students’ Club and your events. A big thank you! ” Edward Ares Management Join the club Facebook LinkedIn Twitter About For employers For Universities Accessibility Legal Privacy & Cookies © 2026 MyPlus Consulting - All Rights Reserved To follow this employer join the MyPlus Students' Club Join the club free To save this content, join the MyPlus Students' Club Join the club free Join now to realise your career potential First name (Required) Last name (Required) Email address (Required) University/Educational establishment (Required) University Degree Subject/other qualification subject(s) (Required) Password (Required) Enter Password Confirm Password Strength indicator Consent Get notified of the latest student jobs, placements and events. Consent (Required) Agree to Terms of service . (Required) Create free account Δ