 Barclays Online Assessment: Comprehensive Practice Pack [2026] AI CV AI Interview Log in Browse Tests Browse Tests Browse Tests Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Test Free Abstract Reasoning Test Free Psychometric Test Free Numerical Reasoning Test Free Numerical SHL Test Free Critical Thinking Test Free Personality Test Free Pilot Aptitude Test Free Verbal Reasoning Test Free Spatial Reasoning Test Tests Providers Tests Providers SHL Watson Glaser Cut-e/Aon Saville Arctic Shores Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Sova Pymetrics TestGorilla Hogan CCAT & UCAT Best Seller Products Best Seller Products Banking Summer Internship Watson Glaser Public Health Specialists SHL Arctic Shores Cut-e/Aon Saville Executive Aptitude Tests Banking Spring Internships Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Qantas Pilots Psychometric Test Thomas GIA Raven's Progressive Matrices McKinsey Problem Solving (Imbellus) Personality & Behavioural Personality & Behavioural Situational Judgement Test Thomas GIA Saville Aptitude Test Cubiks Test OPQ32 Adept-15 Korn Ferry Leadership Potential Predictive Index (PI) McQuaig Word Survey Myers Briggs Other Popular Assessments Other Popular Assessments Emirates Cabin Crew Test UBS Assessment BKSB Test Ravens Progressive Matrices Saville Aptitude Test Amazon Assessment SHL Excel Questions Video Interview Prep Arctic Shores Premium Membership AI CV AI Interview About Us Log in AI CV AI Interview My PrepPacks™ Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Test Free Abstract Reasoning Test Free Psychometric Test Free Numerical Reasoning Test Free Numerical SHL Test Free Critical Thinking Test Free Personality Test Free Pilot Aptitude Test Free Verbal Reasoning Test Free Spatial Reasoning Test Tests Providers Tests Providers SHL Watson Glaser Cut-e/Aon Saville Arctic Shores Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Sova Pymetrics TestGorilla Hogan CCAT & UCAT Best Seller Products Best Seller Products Banking Summer Internship Watson Glaser Public Health Specialists SHL Arctic Shores Cut-e/Aon Saville Executive Aptitude Tests Banking Spring Internships Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Qantas Pilots Psychometric Test Thomas GIA Raven's Progressive Matrices McKinsey Problem Solving (Imbellus) Personality & Behavioural Personality & Behavioural Situational Judgement Test Thomas GIA Saville Aptitude Test Cubiks Test OPQ32 Adept-15 Korn Ferry Leadership Potential Predictive Index (PI) McQuaig Word Survey Myers Briggs Other Popular Assessments Other Popular Assessments Emirates Cabin Crew Test UBS Assessment BKSB Test Ravens Progressive Matrices Saville Aptitude Test Amazon Assessment SHL Excel Questions Video Interview Prep Arctic Shores Premium Membership Homepage Banking Tests Barclays Online Aptitude Tests Homepage Banking Tests Barclays Online Aptitude Tests Ace Your Barclays Online Assessment with Our Comprehensive Practice Pack [2026] Ace Your Barclays Online Assessment with Our Comprehensive Practice Pack [2026] 4.9 139 Reviews Updated: February 20, 2026 Barclays is a British multinational investment bank and financial services company that has been operating for over 300 years. Headquartered in the UK and with locations in more than 50 countries, they employ about 130,000 people in various positions and offer various Graduate programs, internships, and apprenticeships. Due to the high level of competition for each role, Barclays uses a multi-stage hiring process, including a series of online assessments specifically designed to ensure candidates have the right abilities and align with the company’s values. These assessments are known as the Barclays Online Assessment, often referred to as the Barclays SHL test or Barclays assessment test. Start Preparing Now Access this course and more with our Banking Summer Internship PrepPack ! Barclays Online Aptitude Tests 4.9 139 Reviews Barclays 1 Month Summer Internship 1 Month Summer Internship 3 Months One-Time Payment 1 Month Access Realistic practice tests & study guides Created by experts with a focus on accuracy Full prep for Barclays + the following banks: J.P. Morgan Blackstone HSBC Morgan Stanley Deutsche Bank UBS BNP Paribas Fidelity Nomura Jefferies RBC Capital Markets Goldman Sachs Bank of America Citi Santander Schroders Citadel Macquarie Group Standard Chartered Houlihan Lokey Wells Fargo PJT Partners BDO Global Crédit Agricole Rothschild & Co. Moelis & Co Lloyds Lazard Blackrock Also Available: 6 Months Access ( see here ) Note: This product cannot be included in the Premium Membership Show More Money Back Guarantee Hadassah, Cognitive Test Developer at JobTestPrep I am Hadassah Goldberg, a Cognitive Test Developer at JobTestPrep, holding a BSc in Neuroscience and Cognition Studies with a minor in Philosophy. With extensive experience in education and content development, I specialize in providing expert insights and strategies for various assessments. I am also responsible for creating test questions and instructional videos for our PrepPacks, ensuring that each resource supports learners in achieving their full potential. Have a question? Contact me at: ask_the_team@jobtestprep.co.uk Applying to Multiple Positions? See our bundle PrepPacks: Summer Internship | Spring Week | Big 4 Preparing for the Hire-Vue Interview ? Record your interview responses and get detailed feedback from our occupational psychologists. Page Content Join our Society partnership programme! Email us to learn more. What Is the Barclays Online Assessment? The Barclays online assessment is a series of tests, provided by SHL, that evaluate if you have the competencies and behavioural traits necessary for success in your position and in the organisation itself. As a graduate or intern, you might not have much experience under your belt just yet - don’t worry, that’s completely normal! But here’s the secret: being prepared and knowing what to expect can set you apart from the competition. And trust us, they’re all preparing too. Want a competitive edge? Take the time to fully understand what you’re up against. Learn what to expect in the Barclays Online Assessment, practice with realistic questions, and keep Barclays' values in mind, especially during the Barclays values and mindset assessment. What to Expect in the Barclays Online Assessment The Barclays Online Assessment includes three main components: Cognitive ability assessment Personality assessment Mindset assessment Barclays Online Assessment: Cognitive Ability Section This section of the Barclays Online Assessment measures your numerical, verbal, and inductive reasoning skills. You’ll answer multiple-choice questions involving word problems, data interpretation, logical patterns, and short written passages. Numerical reasoning – your ability to understand and analyse numerical data presented in graphs and tables and to make calculations such as percentages, fractions, unit conversion, etc. Verbal reasoning – your ability to understand written information and evaluate and make logical inferences based on this information. Inductive logical reasoning – your ability to identify patterns and rules presented in graphic information and predict the outcome based on this information. You will be presented with a series of multiple-choice questions that can include word problems, syllogisms, argument evaluation, and next-in-series questions. You will have 12 questions to address in 10 minutes . You can use a calculator . Note that you need to answer all the questions to avoid score reductions. How Do You Measure Up? Try These Cognitive Sample Questions Barclays Cognitive Ability Assessment – Numerical Reasoning Sample Question Barclays Cognitive Ability Assessment – Numerical Reasoning Sample Question If a price of a pen has increased from $0.90 to $0.99, what was the percent increase in price? A . 8% Wrong B . 9% Wrong C . 10% Correct! D . 11% Wrong E . 12% Wrong F . None of these Wrong View Explanation The percent of increase is calculated through the amount of increase divided by the original price. Therefore the percent of increase is: 0.09 / 0.9 = 1/10 1 / 10 = 10 / 100 = 10% The correct answer is C Tip : In numerical reasoning questions, especially when time is tight, it is crucial to avoid unnecessary calculations. Read the question carefully, make sure you understand what you are asked and search for this information. Barclays Cognitive Ability Assessment – Verbal Reasoning Sample Question Barclays Cognitive Ability Assessment – Verbal Reasoning Sample Question In many cultures, the lotus flower is considered a symbol of purity, enlightenment, and rebirth. Art, literature, and religious texts often depict it as a sacred and powerful symbol. The lotus flower grows in muddy waters but emerges above the surface, clean and pristine. This is seen as a metaphor for human experience – we can rise above our struggles and difficulties to become something beautiful. What is the lotus flower often used as a symbol for? A . Wealth and prosperity Wrong B . Purity, enlightenment, and rebirth Correct! C . Love and romance Wrong D . Danger and warning Wrong View Explanation The passage states that in many cultures, the lotus flower symbolises purity, enlightenment, and rebirth. It is also described as a sacred and powerful symbol and is used as a metaphor for human experience. Therefore, option b) is the correct answer. Option a) is incorrect, as wealth and prosperity are not mentioned in the passage. Option c) is incorrect, as love and romance are not associated with the lotus flower in the passage. Option d) is also incorrect as the passage does not suggest any danger or warning associated with the lotus flower. The correct answer is B Tip : Verbal reasoning questions are often deliberately confusing. If you are unsure about the correct answer, try to eliminate the obviously incorrect options. This will increase your chances of getting the answer right. Barclays Cognitive Ability Assessment – Inductive Reasoning Sample Question Barclays Cognitive Ability Assessment – Inductive Reasoning Sample Question Choose the image that completes the pattern Wrong Correct! Wrong Wrong Wrong View Explanation The recommended work method for questions with more than one rule, is to choose one of them and “run with it”, trying to eliminate as many distracters as possible. Two elements are at play in this question: the number of circles and the colours and patterns of overlapping shapes. A quick examination of the images can easily eliminate distracter 5 as the shapes remain the same throughout the entire sequence. Let’s take a closer look at the number of circles element. We can see that it follows a simple rule of decreasing by one every time we advance from one frame to the next. Using this information we can now dismiss distracters 1 & 3 as well. In this case, the colours’ rule is very intuitive; as we can see it switches from frame to frame, alternately. Thus, we are looking for the distracter (either 2 or 4) that matches the colours shown in frame 2. The correct answer is 2. The correct answer is Tip : Sometimes, more than one pattern appears to fit the given series. In this case, look for any clues or information that can help you identify which pattern is more likely to be correct. Practice Your Way to Perfection Increase your chances of success with JobTestPrep’s Barclays online assessment PrepPack™ . It includes all the tools to ace Barclay’s SHL cognitive and personality tests and our detailed Mindset Assessment Study Guide. Start Preparing Now Barclays Online Assessment: Personality Section This part of the Barclays Online Assessment measures how your personality traits align with the job role. You’ll receive sets of three statements and choose the one that best represents you. Then, pick the more accurate of the two remaining statements. You will have 105 sets of statements to address in 20 minutes . Barclays Personality Assessment Sample Question Step I Step I Which statement describes you best? I enjoy working in a team. Wrong I prefer to work independently. Wrong I enjoy taking risks. Wrong View Explanation Explanation As these questions are designed to assess your traits, you need to consider how your chosen statement reflects on your personality in the context of the position you’re after. Thus, if you’re applying for a job that requires a lot of collaboration and teamwork, the best response would be, “I enjoy working in a team.” This shows that you are a team player and can work well with others, which is an essential quality for many jobs. However, if you’re applying for a job that requires a lot of independent work and self-motivation, the best response would be, “I prefer to work independently.” This shows that you are self-sufficient and can manage your workload without needing constant supervision or guidance. If you’re applying for a job that involves taking calculated risks or making bold decisions, the best response would be, “I enjoy taking risks.” This shows that you are willing to step outside of your comfort zone and make decisions that could potentially lead to success for the company. Step II Step II Let’s say you choose the statement “I enjoy working in a team” as the one that describes you best. Which statement describes you best? I prefer to work independently. Wrong I enjoy taking risks. Wrong View Explanation Explanation As with your first pick, the statement you should choose depends on the job and work environment you are applying for. However, on this step of the question, you need to consider what the statement you didn’t choose says about you as well. For instance, choosing "I prefer to work independently" does not necessarily mean that you do not enjoy working with others. It simply indicates that you prefer not to step out of your comfort zone and take risks. Tip Tip : The test intentionally contains some statements that are repeated. If you come across such statements, just choose the best answer from the available options without being concerned about how you responded to similar statements earlier. Make Your Personality Shine and Pass Your Barclays Assessment Master the art of showcasing your personality with our prep material—designed to align perfectly with the test structure and Barclays Values! Start Preparing Now Barclays Online Assessment: Mindset Assessment Section This section of the Barclays online assessment evaluates your work-related tendencies, way of thinking, approach, and behaviours in a working environment to ensure they match the Barclays Values . Like the personality assessment, you will be presented with sets of three statements. You will need to choose the statement that describes you best. Then, you will be presented with the two remaining statements, and need to choose the one that is more like you. You will have 75 sets of statements to address in 20 minutes . Barclays Mindset Assessment Sample Question Step I Step I Which statement describes you best? I prioritize clear communication and collaboration to achieve shared goals. Wrong I always act with honesty and integrity, even when it's not convenient, to build trust and respect. Wrong I seek out opportunities to learn and grow, pushing myself to excel and make a positive difference. Wrong View Explanation Explanation It’s important to answer genuinely and consider the traits required in the position you applied for. You also should make sure that your response aligns with the Barclays Values and take into account the impression it makes. As such, choosing the first statement, “I prioritise clear communication and collaboration to achieve shared goals”, aligns with the value of Service by emphasising the importance of clear communication and collaboration to achieve shared goals. This demonstrates that you focus on putting people and business at the centre of your work. The second statement, “I always act with honesty and integrity, even when it’s not convenient, to build trust and respect”, aligns with the value of Integrity by highlighting the importance of always acting with honesty and integrity, even when it’s not convenient. This reflects that you are committed to operating with honesty, transparency, and fairness, which are crucial to building trust and respect. The third statement, “I seek out opportunities to learn and grow, pushing myself to excel and make a positive difference”, aligns with the value of Excellence by emphasising the importance of seeking out opportunities to learn and grow and pushing oneself to excel. This demonstrates that you are focused on innovation, energy, and expertise, which are key components of making a positive difference. Step II Step II Let’s say you choose the statement “I prioritize clear communication and collaboration to achieve shared goals” as the one that describes you best. Which statement describes you best? I always act with honesty and integrity, even when it's not convenient, to build trust and respect. Wrong I seek out opportunities to learn and grow, pushing myself to excel and make a positive difference. Wrong View Explanation Explanation As with your first pick, your chosen statement needs to align with Barclays Values . However, in this step of the question, you need to consider what the statement you didn’t choose says about you. As such, choosing the first statement, “I always act with honesty and integrity, even when it’s not convenient, to build trust and respect”, indicates that you prioritise the value of Integrity over excellence, and vice versa when choosing the second statement, “I seek out opportunities to learn and grow, pushing myself to excel and make a positive difference.” Tip Tip : choose your answers based on how you would behave in a work setting and not in your personal life outside of work. Barclays Online Assessment: The HireVue Interview Applicants for several positions and programs within Barclays are invited to take the HireVue interview. This is a virtual pre-recorded interview in which participants must record their responses to pre-determined questions. Although it may look like a video version of a regular interview, there is more to it than that! As these interviews lack social dynamics, a major factor in regular interviews, participants must come up with optimal responses and appearances, perfecting both response content and nonverbal communication cues. Read more about how our occupational psychologists can help overcome this obstacle when preparing for the HireVue interview. How Well Do You Understand the Barclays Values? Barclays emphasise their core values and recruit their employees according to how they fit the organisation’s principles, environment, and culture. Before taking the Barclays online assessment, make sure you are familiar with the Barclays values and address them while choosing your answers, mainly in the Barclays mindset assessment, but also the Barclays personality assessment. Barclays define five core values: Respect – harnessing inclusion and diversity, trusting your colleagues and valuing their contribution. Excellence – championing innovation and using your expertise, resources, and energy to make a positive difference. Integrity – operating with honesty, fairness, and transparency. Service – acting with humility and sympathy and putting your clients at the centre of your actions. Stewardship – improving things and making them better. Practise Makes Perfect Practise how to best answer the Barclays Mindset assessment with the complete study guide and solving tips that will teach you how to best address every question! Start Practising Now Barclays Application Process The Barclays hiring process comprises 5 steps: Application, Barclays online assessments, Telephone interview, Face-to-face interview, and Job offer. Barclays Summer Internship If you’re applying for the Barclays Summer Internship, the Barclays Online Assessment is your first major step. Make sure you're ready with our specialised Summer Internship PrepPack – a comprehensive, up-to-date prepara