Job vacancy - Lane Clark & Peacock LLP | LCP Careers Skip to main content Menu Early careers Early careers Back Early careers We offer a huge range of opportunities for those starting out in their careers. Find out more about our internship and graduate programmes and the opportunities we can offer. Learn more Graduate programme Summer internships Health postgraduate internship Pensions administration trainee programme Women's Talent Academy Graduates spotlight LCP graduates share their experience on their first few weeks at the firm, what they enjoyed most and the advice they would give anyone starting a graduate role. Our B Corp™ certification Why LCP became a Certified B Corp and how this commitment guides our work, decisions and responsibility to people, clients and the wider world. Discover more Experienced hires Experienced hires Back Experienced hires At LCP you can find a rewarding career in a supporting and empowering culture. Find out about job opportunities for experienced hires. Learn more Find a role Our vision & values LCP fuses human expertise with powerful analytics, guided by four values: Curious, Accountable, Connected and Agile. Explore LCP's podcasts Listen to the latest episodes of LCP's podcasts on all major podcast platforms. Find out more Life at LCP Life at LCP Back Life at LCP Find out more about life at LCP, our people principles and our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion. Learn more Our benefits Our vision & values Inside LCP Our candidate charter Graduates spotlight Diversity, Equity and Inclusion How we embed diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) within our people principles and across the work we do. Discover more LCP's impact report Discover how we're shaping a more positive future. Read more Our stories Get in touch Menu Explore LCP Home Experienced hires Life at LCP Our stories Get in touch Find a role Home Find a role Job vacancy Pensions Management Consulting - Summer Internship 2027 Business area Early Careers Location London Job ID 325059 LCP is an award-winning actuarial and analytics consultancy providing advice on pensions, insurance, investments, energy, employee benefits and health. We fuse human expertise with powerful analytics to shape a more positive future for our clients and people. The Opportunity: Join our Pensions Management Consulting (PMC) department, recognised for solving problems and ensuring pension schemes are well-managed. This role involves building long-term relationships with clients and being involved with managing various projects. Who We Are & What We Do: · Our team members come from diverse backgrounds, providing opportunities to learn from different perspectives · We offer consultancy services to pension schemes of all types and sizes, advising both trustees and employers · We ensure pension schemes operate effectively and members' pensions are secure The Role: As a Summer Intern you will get an introduction to a range of the work we do, including: · Advising on scheme governance, risk management, and trustee board meetings · Facilitating sessions to help trustees and sponsors assess and improve their effectiveness · Presenting ideas and advice to individuals with varying levels of expertise, from pension scheme members to CEO's · Designing and lead procurement exercises for clients, conducting detailed research with service providers · Manage a range of projects for clients, the company, and the wider pensions industry · Drafting reports for trustees and employers What we’re Looking For: · Three A Levels at a B or above · Studying for a Degree in any subject and on track to achieve a 2:1 · IT skills – including Microsoft software · Problem solving, numeracy and analytical skills · Excellent communication skills Why should you choose LCP? · Dynamic Culture: Join an environment focused on collaboration and growth · Gain Experience: Build your knowledge with exposure to real projects and work · Network: Learn from experienced professionals and expand your network · Career Opportunities: Potential for future roles in our Graduate Programme · Diversity and Inclusion: At LCP, we celebrate diversity and ensure all voices are valued Read our Career stories to see why our people enjoy working here. Join a multi-award-winning organisation where your skills will be developed to their fullest potential. Apply Now: Ready to embark on a career where your potential knows no bounds then don’t delay click on the apply now button! Please note: Roles may close as early as Friday 16 October 2026 if we receive a high volume of applications, so apply as soon as you can. Accessibility: LCP is committed to making our opportunities accessible to all. For any adjustments needed during the application process, contact our Early Careers recruitment team by emailing [email protected] to arrange a confidential conversation. Apply now Connect with us Glassdoor YouTube LinkedIn Instagram We fuse human expertise with powerful analytics to shape a more positive future. Legal notices Privacy & cookies Accessibility Modern Slavery Information security All content © copyright 2026 Lane Clark & Peacock LLP. All rights reserved. Jump to top