Summer Internship Job Details | Royal London Group When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Modify Cookie Preferences Reject All Cookies Accept All Cookies Skip to main content Who we are About us Our teams Royal London Asset Management Royal London Ireland Life at Royal London Meet our people Our People Promise Inclusion, diversity and belonging Rewards and benefits Investing in you Our workspaces Early careers Early careers at Royal London Register interest Graduate programmes Apprenticeships Internships Candidate login Colleague login Who we are About us Our teams Royal London Asset Management Royal London Ireland Life at Royal London Meet our people Our People Promise Inclusion, diversity and belonging Rewards and benefits Investing in you Our workspaces Early careers Early careers at Royal London Register interest Graduate programmes Apprenticeships Internships Candidate login Colleague login Candidate login Colleague login Who we are About us Our teams Royal London Asset Management Royal London Ireland Life at Royal London Meet our people Our People Promise Inclusion, diversity and belonging Rewards and benefits Investing in you Our workspaces Early careers Early careers at Royal London Register interest Graduate programmes Apprenticeships Internships “It feels good to have a career with real purpose.” Apply now Apply now Job Description Summer Internship Hours Per Week: 35 Contract Type: Full Time Contract type: 10 week FTC Location: London Working style: Hybrid 50% home/office based Royal London is the UK’s largest mutual life, pensions and investment company. We’re owned by our members and work for their benefit, not shareholder profits, and that makes us different. We're looking for creative, intellectually curious undergraduates to join our ten-week Summer Internship Programme. Our internships span the full breadth of Royal London, offering opportunities across a diverse range of professions, specialisms and career paths. From Asset Management (London only), Finance and Actuarial to Technology, Data & AI, Marketing, Risk and so much more across a wide range of Corporate Functions. We'll match you to a placement that aligns with your interests, strengths and aspirations, so use your cover letter to tell us what excites you and where you'd like to make an impact. What you’ll get: Competitive salary: £26,940 pro-rata Generous pension: double matching up to 14% Life assurance: 8x your salary 24/7 confidential support: health, legal and financial advice Hybrid working: with great office facilities and flexibility Dedicated support: from a People Leader and Buddy Learning & development: networking, training and mentoring Future opportunities: apply for permanent roles or our 2027 graduate intake What you’ll be doing You'll be part of a supportive, inclusive and collaborative team, contributing to meaningful work that makes a real difference for our customers, members and communities. With support and coaching from your People Leader, you'll gain hands-on experience of life at Royal London, taking ownership of meaningful pieces of work and contributing to real business priorities. Your work will help Royal London: Create value for customers and members Respond to change and manage risk Meet legal and regulatory requirements Improve efficiency and business performance Working alongside experienced colleagues, you'll develop valuable professional skills, behaviours and commercial awareness while building your confidence in the workplace. You'll collaborate across teams, analyse information, solve problems and contribute fresh perspectives, gaining exposure to the breadth of roles, disciplines and career opportunities available across Royal London. Throughout the ten-week programme, you'll also work as part of a wider intern cohort on a group project, bringing together your learning and insights to develop recommendations that you’ll present to senior leaders at the end of the internship. Who we’re looking for Penultimate or final-year students from any degree discipline Curious, adaptable learners who embrace change and new ways of working Strong communicators with excellent interpersonal and collaboration skills Organised self-starters who can manage multiple priorities and take ownership of their work Digitally confident individuals who use data, technology and AI-enabled tools to solve problems, generate insights and deliver better outcomes Key dates & locations Start date: 14 June to 20 August 2027 (for 10 weeks) Locations: Edinburgh, Manchester and London Assessment centres: January 2027 Please apply for your preferred assessment centre location and let us know in your cover letter if you’re open to other locations. This application is for the London Assessment Centre. How to apply Include a short cover letter explaining: Why you’re a great fit for Royal London Your preferred area of interest (e.g. Finance, Marketing, Distribution, Commercial) Your flexibility around placements & locations While it’s great to see you utilising AI in your work, remember your personal touch and creativity are what make your contributions exceptional! We welcome applications from all backgrounds. If you’re excited about this opportunity but don’t meet every requirement, we still encourage you to apply. At Royal London, your difference is our strength. We believe diverse perspectives make us better – for our people, our customers and our future. Even if you don't meet every single requirement, we encourage you to apply. We are dedicated to building a diverse and inclusive workplace, and your unique experiences and perspectives could be a great addition to our team. About Royal London We’re the UK’s largest mutual life, pensions and investment company, offering protection, long-term savings and asset management products and services. Our People Promise to our colleagues is that we will all work somewhere inclusive, responsible, enjoyable and fulfilling. This is underpinned by our Spirit of Royal London values; Empowered, Trustworthy, Collaborate, Achieve. We've always been proud to reward employees by offering great workplace benefits such as 28 days annual leave in addition to bank holidays, an up to 14% employer matching pension scheme and private medical insurance. Inclusion, diversity and belonging We’re an inclusive employer. We celebrate and value different backgrounds and cultures across Royal London. Our diverse people and perspectives give us a range of skills which are recognised and respected – whatever their background. Apply now Only candidates who have the legal right to work in the UK or Ireland can undertake this role. Unfortunately, Royal London is unable to provide visa or work permit sponsorship. Our benefits | Inclusion, diversity and belonging | Our People Promise Our benefits Inclusion, diversity and belonging Our People Promise Apply now Opens in a new tab. Opens in a new tab. Opens in a new tab. Accessibility Cookie policy Legal and privacy Corporate information Social responsibility Our partnerships Media Glassdoor Sitemap × Privacy Preference Centre When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalised web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Strictly necessary cookies - always active Strictly necessary cookies are required to make our website usable by supporting basic functionality such as page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. These cookies are reasonably expected in order for the website to function properly and cannot be switched off for Royal London sites. They are often set in response to actions made by users such as logging in, setting up a user’s preferences, or completing servicing tasks. Some parts of the site will not then work without them. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. You can learn more about the cookie details on our careers cookie list page . Strictly necessary cookies - always active Show More Details Strictly necessary cookies - always active Provider Description Enabled SAP as service provider We use the following session cookies, which are all required to enable the website to function: "route" is used for session stickiness "careerSiteCompanyId" is used to send the request to the correct data centre "JSESSIONID" is placed on the visitor's device during the session so the server can identify the visitor "Load balancer cookie" (actual cookie name may vary) prevents a visitor from bouncing from one instance to another Cookies from provider SAPasserviceprovider are required and cannot be turned off Enhanced functionality and personalisation cookies We use these cookies to enhance functionality on our website allow for new functionality that may not be critical for the website to function but we feel add benefit for our customers, for example personalisation, the use of social media. These cookies may be set by Royal London or in some cases by third party providers whose services we have added to our site. You can learn more about the cookie details on our careers cookie list page . Consent to all Enhanced functionality and personalisation cookies Show More Details Enhanced functionality and personalisation cookies Provider Description Enabled Vimeo Vimeo is a video hosting, sharing and services platform focused on the delivery of video. Opting out of Vimeo cookies will disable your ability to watch or interact with Vimeo videos. Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Consent to cookies from provider Vimeo YouTube YouTube is a video-sharing service where users can create their own profile, upload videos, watch, like and comment on videos. Opting out of YouTube cookies will disable your ability to watch or interact with YouTube videos. Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Consent to cookies from provider YouTube Analytics, statistics, marketing and advertising cookies Analytics and statistics cookies help us to understand how our visitors interact with our website and digital platforms by collecting and analysing data anonymously. The cookies allow us to count visits, view traffic sources and other common web interaction metrics so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us know which pages are working well for our visitors and how users move around the site. If these cookies are disabled it makes it harder for to improve the site for our members. Marketing and advertising cookies are used to help ensure share ads and communications that are more relevant to users. We measure how our visitors are interacting with our marketing and advertising materials. These cookies may be set by Royal London or by our advertising partners. They may be used to build a profile to show you relevant Royal London adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet devices. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. You can learn more about the cookie details on our careers cookie list page . Consent to all Analytics, statistics, marketing and advertising cookies Show More Details Analytics, statistics, marketing and advertising cookies Provider Description Enabled LinkedIn LinkedIn is an employment-oriented social networking service. We use the Apply with LinkedIn feature to allow you to apply for jobs using your LinkedIn profile. Opting out of LinkedIn cookies will disable your ability to use Apply with LinkedIn. Cookie Policy Cookie Table Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Consent to cookies from provider LinkedIn Google Tag Manager Google Tag Manager is a tag management system for conversion tracking, site analytics, remarketing and more. Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Consent to cookies from provider GoogleTagManager Google Analytics Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Cookie Information Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Consent to cookies from provider GoogleAnalytics Confirm My Choices Reject All Cookies Accept All Cookies