Entry Level Programmes | PwC UK Careers Skip to content Skip to footer Early careers Experienced careers Flexible or contractor careers Working at PwC Our people, their stories. More Search Menu Early careers Early careers Applying and FAQs Employability hub Entry level Graduate Our events Our job search Training and development Undergraduate Menu Early careers Applying and FAQs Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessment and selection process Do you need immigration authorisation to work in the UK? FAQs The behaviours we look for Menu Early careers Employability hub Menu Early careers Entry level Entry level programmes Flying Start degree programmes New World. New Skills. Virtual Insight Programme Menu Early careers Graduate Advisory and Consulting Audit, Accounting, Tax and Finance Legal Services Strategy Technology and AI Menu Early careers Our events Virtual Classroom Menu Early careers Our job search Menu Early careers Training and development Menu Early careers Undergraduate Diversity Programmes Legal Summer Vacation Scheme Summer Internship Undergraduate Work Placement Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Experienced careers Experienced careers Application support Careers toolkit Partner recruitment Search all jobs Menu Experienced careers Application support Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessments - what to expect Our application experience PwC sponsorship and working permits Recruitment agencies The behaviours we look for Menu Experienced careers Careers toolkit Menu Experienced careers Partner recruitment Menu Experienced careers Search all jobs Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Flexible careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible careers Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Working at PwC Working at PwC Career development Discover our UK offices Inclusion Our business areas Our people. Their stories Reward and benefits Wellbeing at PwC Menu Working at PwC Career development Menu Working at PwC Discover our UK offices Menu Working at PwC Inclusion Menu Working at PwC Our business areas Actuarial Audit Business Solutions Consulting Deals Legal Operate Tax Technology Menu Working at PwC Our people. Their stories Menu Working at PwC Reward and benefits Menu Working at PwC Wellbeing at PwC Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Our people, their stories. Our people, their stories. Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Loading Results No Match Found View All Results Entry level programmes Entry level Gain valuable experience and professional qualifications. These are right for you if you're ready to start your career or exploring a change You’ll gain real-world work experience, setting you up for a successful career Start date September 2027 Locations Belfast, Birmingham, Bradford, Bristol, East Midlands, Leeds, London, Manchester Start your career at PwC This is your introduction to an exciting career with PwC. Life here is fast-paced and full of potential. It’s also highly rewarding. Solving complex problems with real impact, you’ll have the opportunity to work with some of the world’s most significant organisations and recognisable global brands. At PwC, you’ll get an incredible education in the fundamentals of business, and the potential of technology. We offer clearly defined career paths, supportive culture and continuous learning to accelerate your development from wherever you are now to where you want your career to take you. We bring together highly skilled people from all kinds of backgrounds to deliver for our clients. So as you progress in your career, you’ll be part of a business that offers breadth and depth of expertise and opportunity. What you’ll do on an entry level programme You’ll gain experience and qualifications Our entry level programmes are designed to provide real-world work experience and often you’ll study towards a professional qualification, setting you up for a successful career. You’ll be part of an inspiring team This is a collaborative culture, where you’ll work alongside our clients in close-knit and supportive high-performance teams. It’s an approach that helps us to create trusting relationships and deliver tangible results. It also helps us to constantly learn new things and have a lot of fun along the way. You’ll learn about all kinds of clients You’ll gain exposure to clients across a number of industries and sectors, from household-name brands to newsworthy public sector organisations and corporate multinationals to innovative start-ups. Throughout, you’ll benefit from access to top professionals, both client-side and within your PwC team. It takes all kinds of people to make up our talented teams at PwC. So our entry level programmes are open to people from all ages and backgrounds who meet the academic requirements which differ per programme. Please note, our entry level programmes are primarily aimed at those leaving school or college, or those looking to change their career. If you’re currently studying for a degree or have recently graduated, please take a look at our undergraduate and graduate programmes. Skills and behaviours we look for Consider applying for one of our entry-level programmes if you: are open-minded, embrace change and love solving problems, work well in teams and are good at taking initiative and, are articulate and confident expressing your opinion. Right to work in the UK Any employment offer made by PwC is dependent on you obtaining and maintaining the right to work and reside legally in the UK. Immigration authorisation Entry requirements and eligibility Please note, our entry level programmes are primarily aimed at those leaving school or college, or those looking to change their career. We work in a hybrid way, combining the flexibility of remote working with the benefits of in-person collaboration. You'll spend a minimum of three days each week in the office or on client site, where you'll work closely with colleagues and clients and gain practical experience from day one. Office and client-site expectations You'll spend a minimum of three days each week in the office or on client site. Your learning journey at PwC Our entry level programmes are designed to kickstart your career. With our tailored learning and development support, you’ll gain the professional qualifications, core technical skills and experience required for an exciting future, full of opportunity. After your induction, you’ll join your first team and get stuck in on real work, right away. Working on a number of projects and client-facing roles, you’ll enhance your skills, deepen your industry knowledge and gain a fascinating insight into the way in which diverse organisations and industries work. Professional qualifications and support All the while, we’ll support you to study towards your relevant pathway. So check out the individual programmes below for further details. While you study, you’ll have access to a strong support network, including external tutors, our dedicated Professional Qualifications team, talent coaches, buddies and a vibrant peer group within PwC. All of them will be familiar with what you’re going through and be able to provide support throughout your journey. Whatever your programme, whatever the project, everyone at PwC learns to work with the latest technology. So you’ll learn to use tools, like AI, in the most effective and responsible way to deliver results for your clients. Training and development at PwC Learning and professional development Our entry level programmes are designed to kickstart your career. Our benefits offering is an important part of your total reward package which is focused around five core areas: health and wellbeing; financial; lifestyle; protection against the unexpected and recognising you. Reward and benefits at PwC Reward and benefits Our benefits offering is an important part of your total reward package. < Back < Back [+] Read More Entry level programmes Consulting - Advisory and Consulting Operate - Audit, Accounting, Tax and Finance Tax - Audit, Accounting, Tax and Finance Consulting sits within our Advisory and Consulting business category. We help organisations of all kinds to think ahead, solve complex problems and deliver on their goals. We combine a deep understanding of how different businesses and industries work with knowledge of the ways in which technology can give organisations an edge over the competition. From new markets to new technology, from people policies to sustainability strategies, from management to mergers and macroeconomics, PwC’s consultancy teams provide all kinds of insight and advice. But whichever aspect of consultancy or industry you specialise in, you’ll help clients rethink the way they do things, improving performance, increasing resilience, driving innovation, promoting agility and unlocking potential. On this programme, you’ll learn how to provide business leaders with the clarity, data and insight they need to make smarter decisions. And you’ll develop the skills and experience to transform some of the world’s highest profile organisations. You’ll get valuable exposure to a wide range of clients and projects which are resourced nationally, so you could be part of a team ranging from two to 200 members. You'll be working either in the office, remotely, or at a client's location. While you gain vital hands-on job experience, you’ll also complete a Junior Management Consulting Level 4 apprenticeship from The Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (CIMA). The two-year programme will equip you with the technical knowledge, experience and skills to enable you to thrive in your career. The minimum requirements are 112 UCAS tariff from up to three full A-Levels (or equivalent qualifications), and a Grade 4 or above in GCSE English Language and Mathematics (or equivalent). Operate sits within our Audit, Accounting, Tax and Finance business category. Operational delivery is often the toughest challenge facing our clients. Every large organisation has vital functions like Finance or Human Resources that help them run smoothly. Within those functions there are complex processes to deliver. Whether the client is a bank, a supermarket or a town council, they are not experts in that kind of delivery. Fortunately, we are. In Operate, we work with clients to improve processes, transform operations and manage whole business functions. Identifying client needs and matching them to the right people, tech and solutions, you’ll learn how to manage projects that drive efficiency and deliver real-world results. Your journey will begin in our Finance Managed Solutions business, where we support our clients in operating various critical finance functions, including Financial Control - Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable and General Ledger. While you’re learning on-the-job, you’ll also be studying towards your Accounting Technician qualification from Accounting Technicians Ireland (ATI) – a nationally recognised qualification with Chartered Accountants Ireland (CAI). The minimum requirements are 112 UCAS tariff from up to three full A-Levels (or equivalent qualifications), and a Grade 4 or above in GCSE English Language and Mathematics (or equivalent). Tax sits within our Audit, Accounting, Tax and Finance business category. We advise clients on tax planning and strategy, helping them to meet their obligations, maximise their profitability, and drive growth by navigating tax regulations effectively. It’s a unique perspective on the financial workings behind all kinds of organisations. This programme will help you gain a breadth of experience across our core tax specialisms. It will also prepare you for your future as an innovative, agile tax professional. The tax landscape is constantly changing and the future of the tax professional lies in data. Your analysis and insight will help high-profile organisations, entrepreneurs and family businesses to understand complex rules and make informed decisions on personal and corporate tax issues. While you gain vital real-world experience, you’ll also be working towards the Association of Tax Technicians qualification (ATT). After that, you may have the option to study towards further qualifications, including the Chartered Tax Adviser (CTA) qualification. We’ll complement your professional qualifications pathway with our market-leading internal training, designed to give you the technical and commercial skills to get involved on live client projects early in your career. Across the programme, you’ll develop a broad understanding of finance and technology, as well as specialist knowledge on the way different businesses and client sectors work. You’ll also build valuable skills in relationship management and data analysis. Our assessment and selection process Apply online The first thing you'll need to do is complete your application carefully, following all the instructions. Online assessment A series of online assessments that measure your cognitive skills, behaviours, natural preferences and reasoning abilities. Video interview The next stage of our assessment process is an on-demand video interview, the questions will focus on how you typically approach your work, for example at school, university or in any prior work experience you may have. Assessment centre The last stage of our entry level programme recruitment process is a virtual immersive assessment centre. Learn more about our assessment and selection process Assessment and selection process Employability Hub Applications are now closed for entry level programmes Join our Talent Community to stay in touch with us Sign up Frequently asked questions What does “entry level programme” mean at PwC? PwC entry level programmes are full‑time roles designed for people educated to school or college leaver level who want to start or retrain in a professional career. Programmes often include professional qualifications or apprenticeships alongside paid, hands‑on work experience. Is there an age limit for entry level programmes? No. There is no age restriction for PwC entry level programmes. Anyone who meets the academic and role‑specific requirements is welcome to apply. Do entry level programmes involve going to university? No. Entry level programmes are full‑time roles at PwC and do not involve university study. You’ll usually work towards a professional qualification or apprenticeship while employed and earning a salary. Do you offer programmes for people without any A-levels? Our entry level programmes require a minimum number of UCAS points, but these can be achieved through A-levels or equivalent qualifications. Requirements vary by role, so please check the eligibility criteria for the programme you're interested in. Is there different career progression for entry level vs graduate joiners? No. Both routes offer the same opportunities for development, networking and career progression. Your growth at PwC is determined by your performance, skills and experience, not by how you entered the firm. What is the salary like? Will I earn less on an entry-level programme? Entry-level programme salaries may differ from graduate salaries at the start of your career. However, as you progress through the programme and build your skills and experience, your salary will develop in line with your role, performance and the market. These programmes also offer the opportunity to gain valuable professional experience and qualifications while earning a salary and avoiding the cost of university debt. Do graduates get allocated better roles than entry-level joiners? No. Both routes offer the same opportunities for development, networking and career progression. Your growth at PwC is determined by your performance, skills and experience, not by how you entered the firm. Follow PwC UK Careers Working at PwC Inclusion Reward and benefits Discover our UK offices Our People. Their Stories. Talent Community Alumni Our Business Actuarial Audit Consulting Deals Business Solutions Legal Operate Risk Tax Technology Early Careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Event search Job search Employability hub Training and development Applying and FAQs Experienced Careers Our job search Careers toolkit Applying Partner Recruitment Flexible and contractor Our job search Flexible careers Contractor careers Join our Talent Community Your account © 2020 - 2026 PwC. All rights reserved. PwC refers to the PwC network and/or one or more of its member firms, each of which is a separate legal entity. Please see www.pwc.com/structure for further details. Privacy Statement Cookies info Legal Disclaimer About Site Provider Provision of Services Diversity Web Accessibility