One Year Business Placement Skip to main content Quick search People & Culture Overview About our firm Being inclusive People profiles Learning and development Reward and recognition Awards IT’s Her Future Black heritage initiatives Apprentice Overview Audit Consulting Corporate Services Technology & Engineering Tax & Law Work Experience Applying to KPMG Parents, carers and teachers Undergraduate Overview Abilities Talent Insight Black Heritage Talent Insight Social Mobility Talent Insight Vacation programmes One Year Business Placement Applying to KPMG Graduate Overview Audit Consulting Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Experienced professional Overview Audit Consulting Corporate Services Deal Advisory Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Contractors Quick search Menu Close One Year Business Placement Home > Undergraduate > One Year Business Placement Let your curiosity lead you A sandwich placement is ideal if you want to gain a broad range of professional experience while working with a diverse community of people at KPMG. On our One Year Business Placement Programme, you'll get both technical training and personal development opportunities that will equip you with the skills you need to grow, thrive and succeed in your career. It's all about gaining work experience in a leading professional services organisation, and working on real projects which have positive impact on people, businesses and communities. Search and apply Explore business placement programmes Tax One Year Business Placement Tax One Year Business Placement Search and apply Explore this programme Tax impacts our lives and society in more ways than you’d ever imagine. Our Tax experts are doing more than just advising individuals and businesses, they making a meaningful difference to society, by helping to solve some of the biggest challenges facing the UK. The scale and breadth of tax implications is wide-reaching, whilst evolving regulation means that this landscape is becoming increasingly complex. Our tax services span company-focused areas such as International Tax, Deal Advisory Tax, Transfer Pricing and Indirect Tax as well as people-focused services, including Private Client Advice, Employment Taxes and Global Mobility Services. We’re also helping to digitise the tax system – some of the world’s biggest tech companies choose KPMG’s Tax services, because of our tech solutions. Our specialists work alongside clients to help them understand the intricacies of tax across the globe – from the energy sector, to retailers, banks and high-net worth individuals. They support clients in complying with relevant regulations so they can operate responsibly, sustainably and ethically. Everything we do is aligned with our own Tax Principles which commit us to acting with integrity at all times, giving quality advice, offering objectivity and independence, and ensuring we are fully transparent. Connect with us: https://www.facebook.com/KPMGRecruitment/ https://www.instagram.com/kpmgukcareers/ https://www.linkedin.com/company/kpmg-uk/ https://www.youtube.com/@KPMGUKCareers Apprentice Audit Consulting Corporate Services Technology & Engineering Tax & Law Work Experience Applying to KPMG Parents, carers and teachers Undergraduate Abilities Talent Insight Black Heritage Talent Insight Social Mobility Talent Insight Vacation programmes One Year Business Placement Applying to KPMG Graduate Audit Consulting Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Experienced professional Audit Consulting Corporate Services Deal Advisory Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Quick Links FAQ Search and apply Contact us People profiles Legal Privacy Accessibility Cookies Modern Slavery Act Visit kpmg.co.uk Cookie Settings © 2026 KPMG LLP, a UK limited liability partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organisation of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved. For more detail about the structure of the KPMG global organisation please visit home.kpmg/governance. Back to top ;