Skip to main contentSign InCareers Home2027 Summer Analyst (PJT Park Hill - Private Capital Solutions) London page is loaded2027 Summer Analyst (PJT Park Hill - Private Capital Solutions) LondonApplylocationsLondontime typeFull timeposted onPosted 20 Days Agotime left to applyEnd Date: October 11, 2026 (19 days left to apply)job requisition idR0003511PJT Partners is a global advisory-focused investment bank. Our team of senior professionals delivers a wide array of strategic advisory, shareholder advisory, restructuring and special situations and private fund advisory and placement services to corporations, financial sponsors, institutional investors and governments around the world. We offer a unique portfolio of advisory services designed to help our clients achieve their strategic objectives. We also provide, through PJT Park Hill, private fund advisory and fundraising services for alternative investment managers, including private equity funds, real estate funds and hedge funds.From the beginning, PJT Partners has firmly believed that having the best people is key to building an enduring franchise. Our perspective was, and remains, that a great team brings in both top tier clients and appeals to a wide-range of diverse, talented colleagues. Fostering an inclusive culture, which welcomes differing perspectives and beliefs, enables us to provide the best advice and insights to our clients.To learn more about PJT Partners, please visit our website at www.pjtpartners.com. Programme Description:The internship is a 10-week programme which begins with orientation & financial training before interns join their teams. Summer Analysts in London will have the opportunity to work across the PJT Park Hill - Private Capital Solutions Group. As a division of PJT Park Hill, the Private Capital Solutions practice is one of the most experienced investment banking teams in the industry, and has been involved in some of the largest, most complex transactions since the team’s founding in 2008. The practice is fully integrated within the broader PJT Partners platform, leveraging the firm’s global relationships to deliver superior results across the private capital universe. Our highly specialized team focuses on delivering independent advisory and execution services to financial sponsors and institutional investors across a broad spectrum of strategic transactions including:Financial Sponsor Solutions: fund recapitalizations, fund restructurings, tender offers, preferred equity / other debt oriented solutions, management team spinouts and portfolio asset salesStructured Liquidity Solutions: securitizations, refinancing of illiquid financial holdings and joint ventures Institutional Investor Solutions: divesture of private fund interests, valuation of private fund interests, transaction structuring and execution supportResponsibilities:Summer Analysts are expected to be involved with the development, marketing, structuring and closing of transactions and regularly attend client and internal meetings, negotiations and due diligence sessions. Summer Analyst work will include:Financial analysis and modellingDrafting of client presentationsPreparation of memoranda for internal and external useConducting financial and other business related researchAssistance to complex and often time sensitive processes Active involvement in client facing rolesAssistance in the execution of transactionsQualifications:PJT Partners seeks to hire individuals who are highly motivated, intelligent, and have excellent academic, leadership and extracurricular records. In addition, qualified candidates will possess the following:Outstanding qualitative and analytical skillsStrong verbal and written communication skillsAptitude to work collaboratively in a team environmentRobust organizational and time management skillsStrong work ethic and ability to work under pressureBasic knowledge of accounting and corporate financeRequirements:To be considered for the 2027 Summer Intern Analyst Programme, applicants must meet the following criteria:Currently enrolled as a full-time university student Anticipated graduation date: Winter 2027 – Summer 2028CV must include expected graduation month/year and gradesCV must be uploaded in PDF format*Complete the PJT Partners “Suited” online surveyApplication Instructions:1. Complete the PJT Partners On-Line application for the “2026 Summer Intern Analyst– Private Capital Solutions" position above.2. *Complete the PJT Partners “Suited” survey. Suited is an A.I. powered assessment driven screening tool that uses assessments to holistically and objectively measure traits and characteristics that can be better predictors of success at PJT. Please CLICK HERE to create an account, ensure you use the same email address as for your application to this job. Please complete each question through the end of the Suited survey. A “Profile Complete” badge will appear once complete - there is no final “Submit” button.Application Deadline: Sunday 11 OctoberPJT Partners’ success is predicated on recruiting, developing and retaining top-talent from a diverse range of backgrounds and experiences, fostering an inclusive culture that welcomes differing perspectives and beliefs and enables us to provide the best advice and insights to our clients. Accordingly, PJT is an equal opportunity employer: we do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin, religion or belief, sex, pregnancy, maternity, sexual orientation, age, disability, marital or civil partnership status, gender reassignment or any other category protected by law.PJT Partners also complies with all applicable laws with regard to providing reasonable accommodation of disabilities to applicants. For more information or to request an accommodation, please contact Human Resources.PJT Partners - StudentsInternship and full-time job openings are listed below by business. To register or apply to our upcoming events, insight programs and fellowships, please click here.Please note that job applications are not complete and will not be considered until you have completed the Suited Assessment. To complete Suited, click here to create an account and complete the PJT Partners Suited Assessment. Suited is an A.I. powered screening tool that holistically and objectively measures traits and characteristics that can be better predictors of success at PJT. Please ensure you use the same email address used for your PJT application when registering for Suited. Please complete each question through the end of the survey. A "Profile Complete" badge will appear once complete; there is no final "Submit" button. Only completed submissions will be considered.If you have any questions, please contact our campus recruiting team:US:CampusRecruitingUS@pjtpartners.comEMEA:CampusRecruitingEurope@pjtpartners.com Read More© 2026 Workday, Inc. All rights reserved.