Early Careers at Aon - UK Work Insight | Aon Skip to main content Opens in a new tab External site AON Logo Open menu Close Menu AON Logo Who We Are What We Do What We Think News Join Our Team Opens in a new tab Investors Opens in a new tab Contact Us Work Insights Programme Early Careers / United Kingdom / Work Insights Our work insights programme is a fantastic way to explore business career opportunities with Aon, you will get the chance to learn new skills and find out more about what we do. Social Impact Report It’s now two years since we launched our Work Insights Programme, offering work experience to students from lower socio-economic backgrounds to help them discover whether a career in financial services might be for them. We have published a Social Impact Report to detail the programmes impact. To find out more please click here . Training and Development The programme offers structured interactive learning and engagement. Rest assured, you won’t be doing busy work: no photocopying, filing or tea-making, we promise. We have partnered with Connectr, an award-winning provider of cloud-based mentoring, to design our Work Insight Programme and to align with Gatsby benchmarks — helping to ensure a quality experience. Why Join Our Work Insights Programme This three day in-person programme will take place in one of our 8 offices across the country (Birmingham, Bristol, Chelmsford, Leeds, London, Farnborough Glasgow or Manchester. The programme will consist of: Panel discussions, from a variety of Aon colleagues regarding career pathways, and insights into professional and financial services. CV, Personal Brand and Interview Skills Workshops to develop practical and transferrable skills you can still use in after the programme. Project work based on real workplace challenges with Aon colleagues who will provide feedback and guidance. “The most enriching aspect of the Aon Work Insight Programme was the in-depth exposure to the many roles within the company. The programme offered multiple benefits, one being the collaborative element in which we were able to collectively deliver presentations within a short period of time as a team. The program significantly improved my employability skills, enhancing my resume with practical insights into the professional world.” Gursimran, Brampton Manor Academy, London Application Information The Aon Work Insights Programme aims to provide greater access for students in Year 12/13 in state-funded schools or colleges. When partnering with schools, our selection process considers several statistics, such as areas with high percentages of free school meals. Work Insights Programme Schedule 2026 Feb Half Term 2026: Bristol Chelmsford Leeds London Summer Term 2026: Birmingham Bristol Chelmsford Farnborough Leeds London Manchester Oct Half Term 2026: Birmingham Farnborough Glasgow London Manchester View all Work Insights Programme Opportunities If you have any questions about the Work Insights Programme please email [email protected] . × Aon Application Process We want our application process to be a two-way street. We get to know more about you and you get to know more about us. Here is a summary of each stage of the process so you'll know exactly what to expect. Stage 1 Online Application This is where we will capture your personal information and academic history, and check your eligibility for your intended stream. Stage 2 Video Interview Once you've passed our application review, you'll be invited to record answers to a number of short interview questions, designed to learn more about you (including what interests you about the role) and your level of knowledge of Aon and our industry. Stage 3 Shortlisting If your video submission is successful, you will be placed on a short list, which the business will review to fill places at our assessment centres. We cannot guarantee places at assessment centres for all candidates due to the volume of strong applicants. Stage 4 Assessment Centre Next, we'll put you to the test through a range of group and individual exercises. Depending on your performance, you could be offered a position at this stage. Stage 5 Final Interview In some instances, you may be invited to a final formal interview which will focus on: Your knowledge about our business and the industry Your experience Your drive and motivation Who We Are What We Do What We Think News Join Our Team Opens in a new tab Investors Opens in a new tab Contact Us LinkedIn, opens in a new tab Twitter, opens in a new tab Facebook, opens in a new tab &copy2026 Aon plc. All rights reserved Privacy Policy Opens in a new tab Legal Opens in a new tab Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Opens in a new tab Cookie Preferences Opens in a new tab