Career Opportunities At Oliver Wyman For Students And Grads Skip to main content We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand Learn More search Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search Highlights Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search search Highlights menu close Kickstart Your Career With Oliver Wyman A call out to students and recent graduates Apply Now Kickstart Your Career With Oliver Wyman A call out to students and recent graduates Apply Now At Oliver Wyman, we don’t just offer jobs. We offer opportunities to shape industries, societies, and the world. As an intern or new consultant, you’ll be in the room with the world’s most influential leaders, driving conversations and strategies that lead to tangible, real-world change. Embrace the chance to engage in enriching experiences at the outset of your career. How we will accelerate your career growth Our focus on entry-level hiring has led us to design innovative training with you in mind. You'll work on a variety of projects that will rapidly develop your skills and condense years of industry experience into mere months. Our development, mentoring, and flexible-work programs are created to help you shape your future leadership role, rather than being a temporary employee. Before long, you’ll carve out your unique position within our diverse partnership, form your own teams, and cultivate clients. Embracing inclusion and creativity in talent recruitment At Oliver Wyman, we’re committed to recruiting and retaining the most diverse talent. We value initiative, intuition, creativity, and a strong problem-solving mindset. We welcome all academic majors or industry experiences, and we appreciate evidence of an interesting and impactful life outside of your studies. Try our job simulation tool Experience working at Oliver Wyman through this virtual job simulation tool . Practice your skills with example tasks and build your confidence to ace your applications. Join us at Oliver Wyman Ready to make an impact? Details on full eligibility can be found on our job postings. This includes our graduate programs in fields beyond consulting, such as our Actuarial and Oliver Wyman Vector businesses. Apply Now You Might Also Be Interested In Interview Preparation Recruiting Events And Initiatives Awards Meet Our Consulting Colleagues Vivian Merker Partner Brian Fasano Vice President, Oliver Wyman Vector Footer XF Risk and insurance Reinsurance and capital People and investments Management consulting We're a global professional service firm bringing together capabilities across risk, reinsurance and capital, people and investments, and management consulting — building the confidence to thrive through the power of perspective. Terms Of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Statement On Accessibility Manage Cookies © 2026 Oliver Wyman, LLC. All Rights Reserved.