BambooHR Privacy PolicyJob Openings2027 Summer Internship (London)Analytics - LondonOverview Eastdil Secured Savills is the global real estate investment bank that uniquely combines commercial real estate and capital markets expertise. We provide truly independent advice with the mission to drive value for our clients through creative, actionable ideas and flawless execution. Our knowledge-driven team is comprised of remarkable people who are seamlessly connected across all levels and geographies, merging experience, expertise, and resources to deliver the best strategies from around the globe. With a focus on serving our clients, we thrive on collaboration to execute the world’s most dynamic transactions. At Eastdil Secured Savills, we seek individuals who have strong analytical skills and can craft compelling narratives on behalf of our clients and who also demonstrate the grit and determination necessary to become the leaders of tomorrow. We hire and advance based on merit and are committed to engaging talent with diverse backgrounds and perspectives; by doing so, we aim to foster creativity and innovation throughout our company. Summer Internship – Real Estate Finance Training & Professional Development Program We are looking for Summer Interns for our London office. As an Eastdil Secured Savills Summer Intern, you will spend the summer learning about the commercial real estate industry and will build a strong foundation of the skills essential to be a very competitive Analyst candidate. Summer Interns will receive comprehensive on-the-job training led by team members who are experts in the real estate field, learn about real estate fundamentals and financial principles, and gain valuable experience in Excel financial modelling. You will also have the opportunity to: Work closely with experienced team members on various presentations and financial analysis; Perform comprehensive and in-depth company, real estate, and market analysis; Potentially prepare presentations and other materials for experienced team members; Potentially assist in market research for use in pitches, proposals, and marketing collateral Interested in Applying? To be considered as a Summer Intern, you must be pursuing a bachelor’s or master's degree with an estimated graduation date of Summer 2028. Ideally, you also have: Excellent analytical and communication skills; Dedication to building a career in the financial services industry with a focus on real estate finance; Willingness to work hard in a demanding and highly focused environment; Ability to collaborate with others and work on a team; Energetic self-starter who is flexible, organized, conscientious, proactive, and detail-oriented; An individual who demonstrates a sense of personal accountability and urgency for achieving results Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities, and activities may change at any time with or without notice. Application Instructions – Written Responses Required In addition to your CV, you are required to answer three (3) short prompts as part of your application. Each response must be a minimum of 200 words. You are welcome to submit a cover letter, but the short answers are mandatory. If you choose to include a cover letter, please combine your cover letter and short-answer responses into a single document before uploading. Applications submitted without completed short answers will be considered incomplete and will not be reviewed. You will not be permitted to submit a second application. Please answer all three of the following prompts: Following Savills’ acquisition of Eastdil Secured, what do you see as the greatest opportunity for Eastdil Secured Savills, and what is the most important challenge the business will need to navigate? Explain your reasoning. Tell us about a time you had to adapt quickly to a new situation. What did you learn about yourself in the process? Tell us about a time you took initiative without being asked. What prompted you to act, and what was the outcome? If you are ready to apply, please submit your CV, your responses to the three short-answer prompts, and an optional cover letter through BambooHR’s online system. The application deadline is 16 October 2026 at 17:00 GMT. Apply for This JobLink to This JobLocationLondonDepartmentAnalyticsEmployment TypeIntern Full-TimePrivacy Policy • Terms of Service • © BambooHR All rights reserved.