Investor Day 2024 :: Apollo Global Management, Inc. (APO) Skip to main content Skip to section navigation Skip to footer Apollo.com Investor Relations Overview News & Events Overview Press Releases Events Presentations 2025 Retirement Services Business Update Investor Day 2024 Email Alerts Financial Results Stock Information Overview Dividends Analyst Coverage FAQ SEC Filings Sustainability Governance Overview Board & Executive Officers Committees & Documents Contacts Apollo.com 2025 Retirement Services Business Update Watch the Replay News & Events News & Events Overview Press Releases Events Presentations 2025 Retirement Services Business Update Investor Day 2024 Email Alerts Investor Relations News & Events Investor Day 2024 Investor Day 2024 Apollo’s 2024 Investor Day features senior leaders from across the business providing insight on the firm’s progress, long-term growth opportunities, strategy and financial outlook. Watch the Full Presentation Download the Presentation Download the Transcript Watch Clips From Individual Sessions Welcome Noah Gunn The Global Head of Investor Relations reflects on Apollo’s evolution as a public company. Strategy Marc Rowan The CEO of Apollo discusses our attractive positioning and growth outlook amid powerful secular tailwinds. Asset Management: Investing & Origination Jim Zelter The Co-President of Apollo Asset Management explains how our asset origination ecosystem is uniquely positioned to address evolving capital needs. Credit Business John Zito Apollo’s Deputy CIO of Credit discusses Apollo’s differentiated approach to private credit and the growing fixed income replacement market. Equity Business David Sambur & Matt Nord The Co-Heads of Equity at Apollo provide insight on our flagship Private Equity franchise and the significant growth opportunity for Equity-adjacent strategies. Spotlight: Real Assets Olivia Wassenaar Apollo’s Head of Sustainability and Infrastructure shines a spotlight on Real Assets and how Apollo’s investment approach resonates across the risk-reward spectrum. Asset Management: Capital Formation Scott Kleinman The Co-President of Apollo Asset Management discusses the expanding breadth and scale of our capital formation activity across a diverse array of channels. Institutional Capital Formation Chris McIntyre The Global Head of the Institutional Client Group at Apollo highlights the evolution of our approach to institutional capital raising and product positioning. Capital Solutions Eric Needleman The Head of Apollo Capital Solutions provides detail on Capital Solutions’ growth outlook and flywheel effects across the business. Global Wealth Stephanie Drescher Apollo’s Chief Client and Product Development Officer discusses progress, strategy and growth drivers in Global Wealth. Retirement Services Jim Belardi & Grant Kvalheim Members of Athene’s Executive Team discuss the strong track record, societal needs, strategy and operating levers that drive performance in Apollo’s Retirement Services business. Culture Matt Breitfelder & Bill Lewis Apollo’s Global Head of Human Capital and Partner Committee Co-Chair jointly outline the key principles that shape and drive Apollo’s modern high-performance culture. Financial Strategy & Capital Priorities Martin Kelly & Susan Kendall The Chief Financial Officer and Global Head of Strategic Finance discuss Apollo’s financial outlook. Closing and Q&A Marc Rowan & Martin Kelly The CEO and CFO of Apollo Global Management summarize key takeaways and answer live questions from the audience to close out the 2024 Investor Day. Supplemental Videos We Are Apollo Our Partners in Growth The Apollo Edge The Apollo Culture Forward Looking Statements & Other Important Disclosures This presentation has been prepared by Apollo Global Management, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“HoldCo” and together with its subsidiaries, “Apollo”), solely for informational purposes for its public stockholders and other stakeholders in connection with evaluating the business, operations and financial results of Apollo. References to “Apollo” include Athene Holding Ltd. and its subsidiaries (collectively, “Athene”). This presentation is not intended to and does not constitute an offer to subscribe for, buy or sell, the solicitation of an offer to subscribe for, buy or sell or an invitation to subscribe for, buy or sell any securities, products or services of Apollo, including interests in the funds, vehicles or accounts sponsored or managed by Apollo (each, an “Apollo Product”). Information and data in the materials are as of June 30, 2024, unless otherwise noted, including information and data labeled “2024”, “Current”, “Today” and similar labeled content. Information and data labeled “Tomorrow”, “Future” and similar labeled content is prospective and aspirational and not intended to denote a particular date in the future unless otherwise noted. Information and data labeled “5 Years” and similar labeled content refers to the year ending or as of December 31, 2029, as applicable, unless otherwise noted, and is prospective and aspirational. Apollo makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the fairness, accuracy, reasonableness or completeness of the information contained herein, including, but not limited to, information obtained from third parties. Unless otherwise specified, information included herein is sourced from and reflects the views and opinions of Apollo Analysts. Certain information contained in these materials has been obtained from sources other than Apollo. While such information is believed to be reliable for purposes used herein, no representations are made as to the accuracy or completeness thereof and Apollo does not take any responsibility for such information. This presentation may contain trade names, trademarks and service marks of companies which (i) neither Apollo nor Apollo Products own or (ii) are investments of Apollo or one or more Apollo Products. We do not intend our use or display of these companies’ trade names, trademarks or service marks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, such companies. Company names and logos are trademarks of their respective holders. Certain information contained in the presentation discusses general market activity, industry or sector trends, or other broad-based economic, market or political conditions and should not be construed as research or investment advice. There can be no assurances that any of the trends described herein will continue or will not reverse. Past events and trends do not imply, predict, or guarantee, and are not necessarily indicative of future events or results. This presentation is not complete and the information contained herein may change at any time without notice. Apollo does not have any responsibility to update the presentation to account for such changes. The information contained herein is not intended to provide, and should not be relied upon for, accounting, legal or tax advice or investment recommendations. This presentation may contain forward looking statements that are within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements include, but are not limited to, discussions related to Apollo’s expectations regarding the performance of its business, its liquidity and capital resources and other non-historical statements. These forward looking statements are based on management’s beliefs, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. When used in this presentation, the words “believe,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “target,” “expect,” “intend” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward looking statements. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in these forward looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that these expectations will prove to have been correct. These statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including risks relating to inflation, interest rate fluctuations and market conditions generally, the impact of energy market dislocation, our ability to manage our growth, our ability to operate in highly competitive environments, the performance of the funds we manage, our ability to raise new funds, the variability of our revenues, earnings and cash flow, the accuracy of management’s assumptions and estimates, our dependence on certain key personnel, our use of leverage to finance our businesses and investments by the funds we manage, Athene’s ability to maintain or improve financial strength ratings, the impact of Athene’s reinsurers failing to meet their assumed obligations, Athene’s ability to manage its business in a highly regulated industry, changes in our regulatory environment and tax status, and litigation risks, among others. We believe these factors include but are not limited to those described under the section entitled “Risk Factors” in our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on February 27, 2024, and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 8, 2024, as such factors may be updated from time to time in our periodic filings with the SEC, which are accessible on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this presentation and in our other filings with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. This presentation contains information regarding Apollo's financial results that is calculated and presented on the basis of methodologies other than in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("non-GAAP measures"). These non-GAAP measures are in addition to, and not a substitute for, measures of financial and operating performance prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. While we believe that providing these non-GAAP measures is helpful to investors in assessing the overall performance of Apollo’s business, they may not include all items that are significant to an investor’s analysis of our financial results. Please refer to the Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures section at the end of this presentation for the definitions of nonGAAP measures presented herein, and reconciliations of GAAP financial measures to the applicable non-GAAP measures. Athene adopted the U.S. GAAP accounting standard related to Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts (“LDTI”) as of January 1, 2023, which required Athene to apply the new standard retrospectively back to January 1, 2022, the date of Athene’s merger with Apollo. Certain 2022 U.S. GAAP financial metrics and disclosures in this presentation have been retrospectively adjusted in accordance with the requirements of the adoption guidance of LDTI. Please refer to the discussion of Non-GAAP Measures and Definitions herein for additional information on items that are excluded from Athene’s non-GAAP measure of spread related earnings, which was retrospectively adjusted in accordance with the requirements of the adoption guidance of LDTI. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results and there can be no assurance that Apollo or any Apollo Product or strategy will achieve comparable results, or that any investments made by Apollo in the future will be profitable. Actual realized value of currently unrealized investments will depend on, among other factors, future operating results, the value of the assets and market conditions at the time of disposition, any related transaction costs and the timing and manner of sale, all of which may differ from the assumptions and circumstances on which the current unrealized valuations are based. Accordingly, the actual realized values of unrealized investments may differ materially from the values indicated herein. Specific references to investments have been provided on a non-performance based criteria for information purposes only. Apollo makes no guarantee that similar investments would be available in the future or, if available, would be profitable. Not all investments shown are currently held by an Apollo Product. Privacy Policy Forward-Looking Statements Form CRS Global Disclosures Sitemap Disclosures Terms of Use Web Fraud & Phishing Disclaimer © 2026 Apollo Global Management, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Market Data copyright © 2026 QuoteMedia . Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated (view delay times for all exchanges). RT =Real-Time, EOD =End of Day, PD =Previous Day. Market Data powered by QuoteMedia . Terms of Use . This site uses cookies. To see how cookies are used, please review our cookie notice . If you agree to our use of cookies, please continue to use our site. Continue