Abilities Talent Insight Skip to main content Quick search People & Culture Overview About our firm Being inclusive People profiles Learning and development Reward and recognition Awards IT’s Her Future Black heritage initiatives Apprentice Overview Audit Consulting Corporate Services Technology & Engineering Tax & Law Work Experience Applying to KPMG Parents, carers and teachers Undergraduate Overview Abilities Talent Insight Black Heritage Talent Insight Social Mobility Talent Insight Vacation programmes One Year Business Placement Applying to KPMG Graduate Overview Audit Consulting Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Experienced professional Overview Audit Consulting Corporate Services Deal Advisory Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Contractors Quick search Menu Close Abilities Talent Insight programmes Home > Undergraduate > Abilities Talent Insight Get a head start Our Insight programmes have been designed to help you find out more about working life at KPMG. You’ll discover more about the work we do, as well as our diverse teams, and the career opportunities available to you. Our programmes are a perfect opportunity to build your work experience, develop new skills, grow your network and gain learning that will last you a lifetime. You’ll get an insider’s view into one of the world’s leading professional services firms - the projects we work on, the industries we work in and the meaningful and positive difference we make for our clients, people and the communities we serve. Who’s it for? We recognise that individuals with disabilities or long-term conditions may face additional barriers. That's why we have launched the Abilities Talent Insight Programme. The Abilities Talent Insight Programme is aimed at students with a disability or long-term condition who are seeking an insight into a career in Audit or Tax and are in their penultimate, final year of study or have already graduated. Disability covers a broad range of conditions, both visible and non-visible. Some of the conditions covered under this definition include, but are not limited to, autism spectrum conditions, ADHD, cancer, cerebral palsy, depression and other mental health conditions, diabetes, dyslexia, dyspraxia, hearing impairments, HIV, IBS, limb loss, lupus, ME, MS, spinal column injury, stroke, and visual impairments, in each case which has a long term and substantial effect on your ability to carry out normal daily activities. If this doesn’t apply to you, we encourage you to review our alternative online work experience programme . We want everyone to be able to perform at their best, therefore if there are any adjustments you feel would benefit you during the recruitment process, you can provide information within the relevant section of your application, We will also ask you to confirm if any adjustments are needed before each stage of the processes. To find out more information please see support for graduates. Join us on this journey of building a fairer future for all. Sign up to hear first when we open Explore Insight programmes Programme overview Audit (Final year) Abilities Talent Insight Tax and Law (Final year) Abilities Talent Insight Audit (Penultimate year) Abilities Talent Insight Tax and Law (Penultimate year) Abilities Talent Insight Audit (Final year) Abilities Talent Insight Explore this programme This programme is aimed at students who have a disability or long-term condition, seeking an insight into a career in Audit. Disability covers a broad range of conditions, both visible and non-visible. Some of the conditions covered under this definition include, but are not limited to, autism spectrum conditions, ADHD, cancer, cerebral palsy, depression and other mental health conditions, diabetes, dyslexia, dyspraxia, hearing impairments, HIV, IBS, limb loss, lupus, ME, MS, spinal column injury, stroke, and visual impairments, in each case which has a long term and substantial effect on your ability to carry out normal daily activities. During your Insight experience, you’ll have the chance to meet inspirational people from our diverse Audit teams and explore our variety of career opportunities available. Over three days you'll network with our colleagues, learn more about what we do and the meaningful difference we make to businesses and the communities we serve. The programme will be offered to students with a disability or long-term health condition who are in their final year of university or have recently graduated. This programme has been purposefully designed as a step towards a possible Graduate offer if you’re successful on the programme. This offer would only be for the same location and business area as that you completed your Talent Insight Programme. As such, please ensure you have a commitment to the location and business area that you apply to. Tax and Law (Final year) Abilities Talent Insight Explore this programme Join our Tax Insight programme and learn about working collaboratively with organisations of all shapes and sizes, helping them to navigate complex tax policy landscapes, and stay compliant with regulation by paying the right tax at the right time. This programme is aimed at students who have a disability or long-term condition, seeking an insight into a career in Tax. It’s the perfect opportunity for you to learn more about our business and develop your professional skills. Disability covers a broad range of conditions, both visible and non-visible. Some of the conditions covered under this definition include, but are not limited to, autism spectrum conditions, ADHD, cancer, cerebral palsy, depression and other mental health conditions, diabetes, dyslexia, dyspraxia, hearing impairments, HIV, IBS, limb loss, lupus, ME, MS, spinal column injury, stroke, and visual impairments, in each case which has a long term and substantial effect on your ability to carry out normal daily activities. During your Insight experience, you’ll have the chance to meet people from our Tax teams who make KPMG an inspiring place to work and explore our variety of career opportunities available. Over three days you'll network with our colleagues, learn more about what we do and the meaningful difference we make to businesses and the communities we serve. The programme will be offered to students with a disability or long-term health condition who are in their final year of university or have recently graduated. This programme has been purposefully designed as a step towards a possible Graduate offer if you’re successful on the programme. This offer would only be for the same location and business area as that you completed your Talent Insight Programme in. As such, please ensure you have a commitment to the location and business area that you apply to. Audit (Penultimate year) Abilities Talent Insight Explore this programme This programme is aimed at students who have a disability or long-term condition, seeking an insight into a career in Audit. Disability covers a broad range of conditions, both visible and non-visible. Some of the conditions covered under this definition include, but are not limited to, autism spectrum conditions, ADHD, cancer, cerebral palsy, depression and other mental health conditions, diabetes, dyslexia, dyspraxia, hearing impairments, HIV, IBS, limb loss, lupus, ME, MS, spinal column injury, stroke, and visual impairments, in each case which has a long term and substantial effect on your ability to carry out normal daily activities. During your Insight experience, you’ll have the chance to meet inspirational people from our diverse Audit teams and explore our variety of career opportunities available. Over three days you'll network with our colleagues, learn more about what we do and the meaningful difference we make to businesses and the communities we serve. The programme will be offered to students with a disability or long-term health condition who are in their penultimate year of university. This programme has been purposefully designed as a step towards a possible Graduate offer if you’re successful on the programme. This offer would only be for the same location and business area as that you completed your Talent Insight Programme. As such, please ensure you have a commitment to the location and business area that you apply to. Tax and Law (Penultimate year) Abilities Talent Insight Explore this programme Join our Tax Insight programme and learn about working collaboratively with organisations of all shapes and sizes, helping them to navigate complex tax policy landscapes, and stay compliant with regulation by paying the right tax at the right time. This programme is aimed at students who have a disability or long-term condition, seeking an insight into a career in Tax. It’s the perfect opportunity for you to learn more about our business and develop your professional skills. Disability covers a broad range of conditions, both visible and non-visible. Some of the conditions covered under this definition include, but are not limited to, autism spectrum conditions, ADHD, cancer, cerebral palsy, depression and other mental health conditions, diabetes, dyslexia, dyspraxia, hearing impairments, HIV, IBS, limb loss, lupus, ME, MS, spinal column injury, stroke, and visual impairments, in each case which has a long term and substantial effect on your ability to carry out normal daily activities. During your Insight experience, you’ll have the chance to meet people from our Tax teams who make KPMG an inspiring place to work and explore our variety of career opportunities available. Over three days you'll network with our colleagues, learn more about what we do and the meaningful difference we make to businesses and the communities we serve. The programme will be offered to students with a disability or long-term health condition who are in their penultimate year of university. This programme has been purposefully designed as a step towards a possible Graduate offer if you’re successful on the programme. This offer would only be for the same location and business area as that you completed your Talent Insight Programme in. As such, please ensure you have a commitment to the location and business area that you apply to. Connect with us: https://www.facebook.com/KPMGRecruitment/ https://www.instagram.com/kpmgukcareers/ https://www.linkedin.com/company/kpmg-uk/ https://www.youtube.com/@KPMGUKCareers Apprentice Audit Consulting Corporate Services Technology & Engineering Tax & Law Work Experience Applying to KPMG Parents, carers and teachers Undergraduate Abilities Talent Insight Black Heritage Talent Insight Social Mobility Talent Insight Vacation programmes One Year Business Placement Applying to KPMG Graduate Audit Consulting Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Experienced professional Audit Consulting Corporate Services Deal Advisory Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Quick Links FAQ Search and apply Contact us People profiles Legal Privacy Accessibility Cookies Modern Slavery Act Visit kpmg.co.uk Cookie Settings © 2026 KPMG LLP, a UK limited liability partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organisation of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved. For more detail about the structure of the KPMG global organisation please visit home.kpmg/governance. Back to top ;