Customer Support Placement 2027 at Samsung Electronics | Higherin DID YOU COMPLETE WORK EXPERIENCE THIS YEAR? IT'S TIME TO LEAVE A REVIEW Open menu Jobs Search all jobs Search and apply for internships, placements, graduate jobs, insights and apprenticeships University Students Internships Placements Graduate Jobs and Schemes Insights & Vacation Schemes Brand Ambassadors School Leavers Apprenticeships Degree Apprenticeships Level 2 Apprenticeships Level 3 Apprenticeships Level 4/5 Apprenticeships School Leaver Programmes Popular Searches Placements in London Internships in London Graduate Jobs in London Engineering Graduate Schemes Business Placements Finance Internships Marketing Placements Apprenticeships in London Business Apprenticeships Finance Apprenticeships Tech Apprenticeships Reviews Write A Review Share your experience of your apprenticeship, internship or placement to help future applicants make informed career decisions Read All Reviews What’s it like to work at your dream company? Written by university students and school leavers, read our job reviews to find out Reviews by Scheme Internship Reviews Placement Reviews Graduate Job Reviews Insight & Vacation Scheme Reviews Apprenticeship Reviews Degree Apprenticeship Reviews Level 2 Apprenticeship Reviews Level 3 Apprenticeship Reviews Level 4/5 Apprenticeship Reviews Companies All Companies Search for companies to learn more about their culture, read job reviews written by students, and discover the latest job opportunities they have to offer Top Employers Each year, we rank the employers leading the way in apprenticeship, undergraduate and graduate schemes - voted for entirely by your student job reviews Advice Explore Industries Accounting Careers Banking Careers Business Careers Engineering Careers Finance Careers IT & Technology Careers Legal & Law Careers Marketing Careers Public Sector Careers Retail & FMCG Careers Science & Research Careers View all Industries » Explore Schemes What is an Internship? What is a Placement? What is a Graduate Job? What is a Graduate Scheme? What is an Insight Scheme? What is an Off-Cycle Internship? What is an Apprenticeship? What is a Degree Apprenticeship? What is a Level 2 Apprenticeship? What is a Level 3 Apprenticeship? What is a Level 4 or 5 Apprenticeship? View all Schemes » All Careers Advice Educate yourself on your future career decisions Exploring Options Discover career paths that match your interests and strengths Application Tips Stand out with our CVs and application hacks Interview Tips Turn nerves into confidence and impress employers Student Life Make the most of your university or school experience Working Life Navigate your first job with ease University Hub Resources for university careers advisors and their students Schools Hub Supporting your students with post-16 options For Employers Sign In My Dashboard See new jobs and content matching your interests Application tracker Track your applications across multiple jobs My Reviews View your in progress or completed reviews Saved Items Managed your saved jobs and searches Account Update your profile to receive a better experience Visit Dashboard Sign out My Dashboard See new jobs and content matching your interests Application tracker Track your applications across multiple jobs My Reviews View your in progress or completed reviews Saved Items Managed your saved jobs and searches Account Update your profile to receive a better experience Create an account Sign in Close menu Jobs Search all jobs Search and apply for internships, placements, graduate jobs, insights and apprenticeships University Students Internships Placements Graduate Jobs and Schemes Insights & Vacation Schemes Brand Ambassadors School Leavers Apprenticeships Degree Apprenticeships Level 2 Apprenticeships Level 3 Apprenticeships Level 4/5 Apprenticeships School Leaver Programmes Popular Searches Placements in London Internships in London Graduate Jobs in London Engineering Graduate Schemes Business Placements Finance Internships Marketing Placements Apprenticeships in London Business Apprenticeships Finance Apprenticeships Tech Apprenticeships Reviews Write A Review Share your experience of your apprenticeship, internship or placement to help future applicants make informed career decisions Read All Reviews What’s it like to work at your dream company? Written by university students and school leavers, read our job reviews to find out Reviews by Scheme Internship Reviews Placement Reviews Graduate Job Reviews Insight & Vacation Scheme Reviews Apprenticeship Reviews Degree Apprenticeship Reviews Level 2 Apprenticeship Reviews Level 3 Apprenticeship Reviews Level 4/5 Apprenticeship Reviews Companies All Companies Search for companies to learn more about their culture, read job reviews written by students, and discover the latest job opportunities they have to offer Top Employers Each year, we rank the employers leading the way in apprenticeship, undergraduate and graduate schemes - voted for entirely by your student job reviews Advice Explore Industries Accounting Careers Banking Careers Business Careers Engineering Careers Finance Careers IT & Technology Careers Legal & Law Careers Marketing Careers Public Sector Careers Retail & FMCG Careers Science & Research Careers View all Industries » Explore Schemes What is an Internship? What is a Placement? What is a Graduate Job? What is a Graduate Scheme? What is an Insight Scheme? What is an Off-Cycle Internship? What is an Apprenticeship? What is a Degree Apprenticeship? What is a Level 2 Apprenticeship? What is a Level 3 Apprenticeship? What is a Level 4 or 5 Apprenticeship? View all Schemes » All Careers Advice Educate yourself on your future career decisions Exploring Options Discover career paths that match your interests and strengths Application Tips Stand out with our CVs and application hacks Interview Tips Turn nerves into confidence and impress employers Student Life Make the most of your university or school experience Working Life Navigate your first job with ease University Hub Resources for university careers advisors and their students Schools Hub Supporting your students with post-16 options Home / Jobs / Samsung Electronics / Customer Support Placement 2027 at Samsung Electronics Customer Support Placement 2027 at Samsung Electronics About 4.4/5 Summary Job Description Job Details Deadline: 9th October 2026 3 days to go! Job Type: Placement (10 Months+) Job Roles: Customer Service Information Technology PR and Communications Locations: Chertsey Job Description Role and Responsibilities Samsung is much more than just great innovative products, it’s about capturing the imagination of customers, fulfilling their expectations and genuinely connecting with them. The Customer Support team works across all areas of the consumer and B2B business providing support online, through contact centres, in people’s homes and on the high street. From capturing customer’s imaginations to fulfilling their expectations and genuinely connecting with them, you'll have the opportunity to see everything about the customer experience. You may be involved in: Providing insight into improvements that can be made to enhance Samsung customer satisfaction. Monitoring of Contact Centre key performance indicators. Working with the technical team to take basic content and then crafting enriched and engaging support content to share online. Supporting New Product Introduction, ensuring support content is available and relevant to the customer needs based on anticipated queries. What do we need for this role? Enthusiasm for customer service and customer experience Deep understanding and enthusiasm for communications across all digital channels An ability to empathise with our customers Excellent communication skills; Able to adapt message to audience in person, on the telephone or in written communications Willing and able to build relationships with people at all levels and across multiple departments Ability to represent Samsung in relationships with suppliers and partners Ability to multitask, effectively prioritise and meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment Skills and Qualifications Benefits of working here at Samsung include: Hybrid working Bonus scheme Pension contribution 3 x volunteering days each year Flexible Benefits - £55 per month contribution - this includes travel insurance, gym membership, payroll giving, season ticket loan facility, taste card, dental insurance Holiday - 25 days per annum plus bank holidays and an additional day off for your birthday! Access to staff sales discounts on a wide range of Samsung products Access to discount shopping portal Location, location, location The majority our opportunities are based in Chertsey, Surrey. Our Head Office is located in beautiful grounds, and within easy reach of London, just outside the M25. Our on-site restaurant serves a wide range of delicious meals, including South Korean and Western options. About the Company Imagine working for a company that is passionate about its people… At Samsung we approach everything we do with the spirit of a ‘joyful pioneer’- daring to defy barriers and striving to excel limits. At the heart of our DNA is the pursuit of excellence and bringing innovation to everyone, faster than anyone. We realise it’s our people who really make this possible and we are continuously looking for dynamic people to join us and share our vision. With our endless ability to predict the next big wave (and create a few of our own), joining Samsung Electronics will put you in touch with the future and keep your career at the cutting edge of tomorrow’s technology. We look for dynamic individuals who share our relentless ambition, and in return offer people opportunities to grow and ways to express themselves in a truly global enterprise. Think you’ve got what it takes? Join us, and discover your potential. Want to join us? Don’t forget to think about the opportunity you would like to apply to carefully, as you are only able to apply to one of our placement opportunities this year. Start date August 2027. How to apply To apply for this role and to find out more, please click on the apply button. Please note that applications may close before the application deadline, so apply early to avoid disappointment. Job Details Deadline: 9th October 2026 3 days to go! Job Type: Placement (10 Months+) Job Roles: Customer Service Information Technology PR and Communications Locations: Chertsey About Samsung Electronics Discover your potential at Samsung! At Samsung we approach everything we do with the spirit of a ‘joyful pioneer’- daring to defy barriers and striving to excel limits. We bring innovation to everyone, faster than anyone, and realise that it is our people who make this possible. View Company Profile Company Rating 4.4 /5 Rating based on 213 Reviews This score is based on honest feedback written by students who’ve worked at Samsung Electronics. See All Reviews Marketing Placement 2027 - Dublin at Samsung Electronics Placement (10 Months+) Dublin View Job Product Management Placement 2027 at Samsung Electronics Placement (10 Months+) Chertsey View Job Sales Placement 2027 at Samsung Electronics Placement (10 Months+) Chertsey View Job Sustainability & Compliance Placement 2027 at Samsung Electronics Placement (10 Months+) Chertsey View Job Finance Placement 2027 at Samsung Electronics Placement (10 Months+) Chertsey View Job View More Jobs Join the Higherin Community Save Time Easily add jobs from Higherin or external platforms to keep everything organised. Personalised Alerts Get tailored job recommendations and updates straight to your inbox. Exclusive Features Access tools like application tracking, deadline reminders, and saved searches. Stay Ahead Be the first to know about the latest opportunities and deadlines. Completely Free Create an account and unlock powerful features at no cost. Start Exploring Search for Jobs Job Reviews Companies Top Apprenticeship Employers Top Graduate Employers Top Undergraduate Employers Help & Support Contact Us Report a Problem For Employers Promote Internships Hire Apprentices Recruit Graduates Brand Ambassadors Employer Branding Activations Privacy & Legal Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our Company About Us Higherin Academy Careers higherin.careers higherin.apprenticeships 2026 Higherin. All rights reserved.