London Office - Summer Associate 2027 - L.E.K. Consulting Skip to content Toggle navigation Login | Register Home Current Openings - Europe Events - Europe Support Login | Register London Office - Summer Associate 2027 Location London Job Description L.E.K. Consulting is a premier global strategy consulting firm that partners with clients to solve their most critical business challenges and deliver high-impact outcomes. We bring deep industry expertise and rigorous, evidence-based insight to global corporations, growth companies and private equity investors, helping them turn strategy into action. How do we deliver impact? It’s the people. We hire exceptional individuals and invest in their growth through hands-on client work, close collaboration and a culture of ownership, inclusion and continuous learning. Across every level, curiosity unites us and challenge excites us. Founded more than 40 years ago, L.E.K. employs more than 2,200 professionals worldwide and is consistently recognized as one of the industry's best firms to work for. For more information, visit lek.com . The Summer Associate position The Summer Associate role at L.E.K. offers exposure to multiple industry sectors and a wide variety of commercial challenges. The nature and pace of L.E.K.’s strategic work facilitates the rapid development of a highly analytical skill set in a collaborative and rewarding team-based environment. Summer Associates are crucial to the success of L.E.K. project teams. With the guidance and support of an experienced senior team, you will be responsible for: Conducting primary and secondary research on markets, competitors, and customers Performing rigorous strategic and financial analyses, using leading-edge software and techniques, to develop deep understanding of commercial issues Collaborating with team members to identify trends, draw conclusions, develop insights and transform those insights into actionable recommendations for the client Who we are looking for We are currently seeking exceptional and committed individuals with the ability to solve complex problems in a creative way. Along with a varied combination of attributes, we would expect you to be working at 2:1 or above in your degree. We are looking for a sense of intellectual curiosity that will inspire you to develop a deep understanding of any client situation, and to generate innovative answers to complex questions. We want people with the ability to think in logical, structured ways, together with the creativity to look beyond the obvious. We recruit from a wide range of disciplines in both the arts and sciences, and do not require existing technical skills – just a strong desire to learn. Our team-oriented approach requires individuals who can collaborate and communicate well. We seek proactive, energetic, and enthusiastic candidates who take ownership of their work and make a meaningful impact. What we offer Training and development The Summer Associate position at L.E.K. is a launch-pad for your career. As a new intern you will be supported with a comprehensive one-week orientation programme. For those who go on to pursue roles in industry or Private Equity, the highly valuable commercial and analytical skill set, and broad commercial experience of a Summer Associate are in great demand. Application Process Our Summer Associate internship is open to penultimate year students. The 8-week programme starts at the beginning of July, running through into August. Please upload your application documents on our career site, we do not require a covering letter. After completing the application process, selected candidates will be invited to take online test assessments followed by a series of interviews. We do not review applications on a rolling basis, and aim to get back to applicants no later than four weeks after the application deadline. Application Deadline: 3rd January 2027, 23:55 We are looking forward to receiving your application! Diversity and inclusion at L.E.K. Here at L.E.K., we appreciate the value of a diverse and inclusive workforce and are committed to a culture that is inclusive and accepting of all people. Above all, we are committed to ensuring that all employees are treated with respect and dignity. L.E.K. Consulting is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We have several affinity groups to support and enrich our employees and in addition, our Diversity and Inclusion committee celebrate events throughout the year with a focus on awareness and education. For further information on the L.E.K. career journey: https://www.lek.com/join-lek/the-lek-career View cookie policy LinkedIn Twitter Instagram Youtube Facebook Insights Industries Capabilities Leaders Careers Offices Contact Us © 2024 L.E.K. Consulting Privacy Notice and Legal Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement Policy for Recruitment Agencies LinkedIn Twitter Instagram Youtube Facebook