Skip to main contentUnilever Graduate CareersEnglishSign InSearch for JobsUnilever Future Leadership Programme - Sales UK page is loadedUnilever Future Leadership Programme - Sales UKApplylocationsUnited Kingdomtime typeFull timeposted onPosted 3 Days Agotime left to applyEnd Date: October 9, 2026 (11 days left to apply)job requisition idR-1188731Our Future Leaders Programme will ignite the leader in you. This unique programme is designed to develop Unilever’s Future Leaders (UFLs) by providing challenging and purposeful opportunities that accelerate their readiness to take on business leadership roles.The Unilever Future Leaders Program (UFLP) is a global initiative enabling Unilever to build a strong talent pipeline that will support and lead our business growth. In the UK, our UFLP is a 36-month rotational leadership development program for which we recruit top-performing undergraduate talent who demonstrate the potential to become managers within our business. It’s designed to grow you into a manager, through hands-on learning alongside world-class experts. You’ll be hired into a function and develop your leadership skills by working on live projects which offer you all the experience you need to become ready for your first management role. At the heart of it, it’s about developing tomorrow’s leaders, today. From Day 1, you will take on real business challenges within your own function and across the organization. Along the way you will develop deep core professional skills and leadership skills, and build a robust support network. On top of all that, you will have a lot of fun along the journey.We look for people who want to get to grips with the inner workings of a vast business and a desire to understand how it works. It’s about commitment, real people skills and a deep-seated interest in the business as a whole. You’ll become part of a leading-edge company, where you’ll work with outstanding brands and outstanding people to drive sustainable business growth.Your Future Employer Unilever is one of the world's leading FMCG companies, home to iconic brands including Dove, Vaseline, TRESemmé, Lynx, Persil, Domestos, Surf, Radox, Sure and Liquid I.V. Through products used by millions of people every day, we help improve health, wellbeing, confidence and care around the world. Established over 100 years ago, Unilever has a proud heritage of innovation and a long-standing belief that great brands, great people and responsible business go hand in hand. Today, we are transforming into a faster, more focused growth company centred on Beauty & Wellbeing, Personal Care and Home Care. Through world-class brands, cutting-edge science and technology, digital innovation and AI-enabled capabilities, we are building unmissably superior products and experiences for consumers around the world. A career at Unilever offers the opportunity to work at global scale while helping shape the future of some of the world's most recognised brands. Our people are at the heart of everything we do, bringing curiosity, creativity and passion to solve real business challenges and make a meaningful impact every day. *As we receive a high volume of applications, please make sure to read the job descriptions on our website carefully and apply for the role you are most interested in. Only your first application will be considered* What do we look for? You don’t need a specific degree background, this is an area where your personality will set you apart. It takes a special blend of initiative, people skills, and commercial acumen; you’ll need to be credible and confident in front of people and have a passion for growing businesses competitively, coupled with the power to influence and negotiate. The role: Customer Account Management (Sales) All of our brands have a powerful role to play in realising our vision for a sustainable future. You will have the opportunity to work on some of these amazing brands across different categories. Customer Account Management brings them to the customer, ensuring that they are available wherever the shopper wishes to buy them. With our key retailers, you will manage and build strong working relationships. Harnessing skill and sensitivity whilst developing and executing plans makes all the difference to our business and theirs. What will the programme involve? The three-year, world-class development programme is full of variety and challenge, with the opportunity of promotion to manager level after three years. You’ll develop your leadership skills by working on live projects that offer you all the experience you need to become ready for your first management role. Over three placements we’ll make sure you gain broad experience in several different areas to develop your commercial expertise, for example: Customer Management (Sales), where you will build relationships, examine relevant data, own financial forecasting, agree on a tailored business plan, and negotiate promotions. Category Management, where you will oversee a category of products, become an expert on the marketplace and our competitors, and advise customers on suitable ranges for their shoppers. Shopper Marketing – You’ll work closely with both the Customer Management teams and Marketing teams, to develop retailer-specific media plans, to activate key brands. Customer Strategy – you’ll work closely with Marketing, Finance, and Supply Chain functions, as well as the Sales teams to manage the link between brand ammunition and customer execution within a specific product category. Brand Management - you will have the opportunity to undertake a placement in marketing and get exposure to commercial marketing working with iconic brands like Dove, Persil, Sure, and Marmite, managing brand mixes to maximise their potential across product, place, price, and promotion. First-hand experience – it’s the fastest way to learn. The Unilever culture is varied, friendly, and encourages innovative thinking. We will push and support you to achieve your potential, whilst giving you the chance to shape your career path according to your interests, strengths, and ambitions. What could your day-to-day role include (depending on your role)? You’ll build partnerships with our wide range of customers – supermarkets, superstores, convenience stores, drug stores, discounters, online retailers, and even theme parks – so that we reach our target markets. That could mean working together to maximise a new product launch, recommending the right range of products, developing marketing programmes, negotiating an annual business plan, or looking for new business opportunities. Our Customer Insight and Innovation Centre allows us to work with our customers in exciting new ways. Our people and actions can make a big impact every day on a local level, across Europe and the globe. Some of our positions you could be allocated to include: Customer Account Exec Category Exec Shopper Marketing Exec Customer Strategy and Promotions Exec Assistant Brand Manager Skills required include: Selling Commercial Strategy Negotiation Customer Relationship Microsoft Office skills (Excel, Outlook, Word, PowerPoint) Please note, that at Unilever we have development programmes, the skills above are skills that would be good to have at the beginning however you will develop them over the course of the programme. Our application process involves: Step 1: Online Application Complete the online application form. It is a simple and easy application process with the option of filling out your details using your LinkedIn profile. You may apply to one function in your application. Step 2: Profile AssessmentComplete two stages of profile assessment; a portrait personality test and an online assessment. These are designed to look at different elements of your cognitive, emotional, and social traits. You will receive personalised feedback after completing each stage. Step 3: Digital Interview The digital interview will consist of 3 short questions followed by a business case. You will be asked to solve real-world problems using Unilever scenarios. You’ll be able to record and complete your interview anytime and anywhere. *Please note, we do not use AI as a screening tool in our recruitment process therefore, your digital interview submission will be reviewed by a real person* Step 4: Discovery Centre You will be invited to a ‘day in the life’ of a Future Leader at Unilever. You will get to experience a face-to-face day filled with several exciting activities including project meetings, business challenges, a team meeting with Unilever colleagues, and an interview. What Can Unilever offer YOU? A Competitive Salary of £35,000 A Benefits Envelope which has a notional value of 25% of your pensionable earnings. Use it to save for your pension, get extra taxable pay or both. A pension Scheme Annual Bonus A discounted staff shop Subsidised Gym Memberships - availability varies by site Shares Relocation Support through a £5000 tax free loan 25 days of holiday allowance To find out more about Future Careers at Unilever UK, check out our Instagram page! Diversity at Unilever is about championing inclusion, embracing differences, creating possibilities, and growing together for better business performance. To celebrate this, we have internal networks and communities created to raise awareness for a cause, which work to create change within the business. These networks include Proud, Empower, Enable and Unity and our communities include Thriving Parents, Carers, and All Inclusion Club. We give full and fair consideration to all applicants, regardless of age, disability, gender reassignment, race, religion or belief, sex, sexual orientation, marriage and civil partnership, and pregnancy and maternity. We are a key advocate of well-being and offer a variety of support for our people including hubs, programmes, and development opportunities. We strive to achieve a family-friendly and inclusive workplace and to, above all, create possibilities for all. What support will you receive? A dedicated buddy to help you onboard and learn about the business. A dedicated Career Sponsor, who can support you with your growth & development throughout the total duration of your programme. An experienced Line Manager for each of your functional rotations, allowing you to gain a breadth of experience. A bespoke Learning & Development Plan, designed to help you build your leadership skills. Opportunities to gain leadership experience outside of your functional rotations. Do you require any adjustments in the application or assessment process? If you do need any adjustments, please inform the Talent Acquisition team who will contact you to discuss the accessibility options available. E.g., If required extending time spent in any ‘timebound’ assessments/interviews. *We also provide accessibility options such as magnifying glass, decrease/increase the font size, change font & colour, screen ruler, and screen mask for everyone who would require them. Please contact the Talent Acquisition team at futurecareers.recruitment@unilever.com Location: Hybrid working with a minimum of 3 days required weekly spread across external customer meetings and our Kingston office. Travel Required: Approximately 10-25% of your time, depending on your functional rotation. Discovery Centres: TBC Closing date: This is a rolling deadline, so we encourage you to apply as soon as possible to avoid disappointment in case applications close early. Start date: September 2027Recruitment Fraud:Cybercriminals advertise fake job adverts with prestigious employers as a way of stealing information or even defrauding individuals out of money. In the most sophisticated cases, they will set up fake websites, which have a similar address to companies like Unilever. They even conduct fake telephone interviews and then offer candidates a role with the proviso they pay a fee for background checks or to cover work visa costs. These types of attacks are becoming more common as more people are looking for employment in the economic climate. How is Unilever tackling this?Many of Unilever’s recruitment sites publish a warning to candidates about recruitment fraud. The Cyber Security team also proactively scans for signs of people setting up fake Unilever sites and acts to close them down. What can I do?If you become aware of potential recruitment fraud, spot fake Unilever recruitment adverts or fake LinkedIn profiles, report them via Una Live Chat. Unilever does not accept responsibility or liability for any candidates who are financially impacted by recruitment fraud. Your vigilance is key! Unilever is an organisation committed to diversity and inclusion to drive our business results and create a better future every day for our diverse employees, global consumers, partners, and communities. We believe a diverse workforce allows us to match our growth ambitions and drive inclusion across the business. At Unilever we are interested in every individual and the talent they can bring. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment.#LI-RemoteSimilar Jobs (3)Unilever Industrial Placement Programme - Sales - UKlocationsUnited Kingdomtime typeFull timeposted onPosted 13 Days Agotime left to applyEnd Date: September 28, 2026 (14 hours left to apply)Unilever Industrial Placement Programme - Human Resources - UKlocationsUnited Kingdomtime typeFull timeposted onPosted 13 Days Agotime left to applyEnd Date: October 1, 2026 (3 days left to apply)Unilever Industrial Placement Programme - Marketing UKlocationsUnited Kingdomtime typeFull timeposted onPosted 13 Days Agotime left to applyEnd Date: September 28, 2026 (14 hours left to apply)About UsBetter Business. Better World. Better You.We’ve been pioneers, innovators and future-makers for over 120 years. Learn MoreRead MoreFollow UsUnilever Legal Notice© 2026 Workday, Inc. All rights reserved.