Job Application for Credit Risk Oversight Manager at Monzo Back to jobs New Credit Risk Oversight Manager Cardiff, London or Remote (UK) Apply 🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ 📍London/Cardiff/UK Remote | 💰£79,900 - £95,000 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance + Benefits ✨ Our Credit Oversight team⭐ Our Borrowing (lending) business is growing rapidly across both existing products and with the planned launch of new initiatives. As our lending portfolio grows, our second line of defence Credit Risk Oversight team is growing with it - and we’re looking for a Credit Risk Oversight Manager to join us! Our Credit Risk Oversight team is crucial in providing support and challenge to our Borrowing teams in the first line of defence to help Monzo grow safely. We’re looking for someone (maybe you?!) with proven experience in consumer credit risk who likes getting into the details and analysing data to deliver independent assurance - and challenge - of credit risk management across the lifecycle. Ideally you’ll have experience and in-depth knowledge of retail unsecured or small business credit risk strategy within financial services. You’ll have seen first-hand how a credit portfolio performs at different stages of the credit cycle, and have hands-on experience in shaping or overseeing lending strategies. You’ll have a collaborative approach, and be comfortable working across a broad range of stakeholders. You’ll also be someone who likes getting into the details, analysing data and providing constructive challenges. 🔑You’ll play a key role by... Providing ongoing oversight of credit risk - this includes analysing and understanding the performance of our existing lending products, developing and enhancing monitoring metrics and providing input to relevant committees and forums Partnering with our first line of defence teams to support credit strategy changes - including new product launches and pilots - ensuring that we deliver magical lending products for our customers while meeting our Risk Appetite Delivering deep insight, feedback and challenge on our credit strategies - including data-driven analysis and actionable counter-proposals - to support management decision making and shaping better outcomes for our customers Leading second line assurance work on thematic reviews Collaborating with our model validation and model development teams to ensure understanding of the models that underpin our credit strategies Providing credit expertise and input into relevant strategic projects and critical Monzo-wide processes, such as stress-testing and forecasting Supporting us in maintaining our Credit Risk Framework and making sure it is well embedded within the business Taking a balanced and proportionate approach to risk management, making sure that managing risks becomes part of everyone at Monzo’s day-to-day role 🤩 We’d love to hear from you if you … Have a strong background in credit risk management within consumer or small business lending - experience in unsecured product, such as credit cards, loans or overdrafts would be particularly beneficial Have proven analytical skills, and can use these to interrogate data, build monitoring and look for early indicators of trends Have hands-on experience and/or understanding of how to use credit risk scorecards and NPV models to develop strategies for making credit decisions Have a solid technical toolkit; SQL or similar is a must-have, and experience using a data visualisation tool (such as Looker, PowerBI or Tableau) is a plus Are excited to explore how we can use AI tools to improve our credit and risk management processes Can convey problems and solutions using clear and simple language, both written and verbal (see Monzo’s tone of voice guide). This is particularly important for communicating complex issues and priorities to non-experts Have a track record of building and maintaining trusting relationships with stakeholders, while providing effective and respectful challenge Are passionate about technology, and what we’re doing here at Monzo excites you! Not ticking every box? That’s totally okay! Studies show that women and people of colour might hesitate to apply unless they meet every single requirement. At Monzo, we’re dedicated to creating a diverse and welcoming team. If you’re passionate about this role and keen to learn and grow with us, we encourage you to apply - even if you don’t have everything that's listed just yet. Drop us your application, we’d love to hear from you! 🙌 What’s in it for you 💰 £79,900-95,000 ➕Incentive Awards tied to your performance. 📍This role can be based in our London office, but we're open to distributed working within the UK (with ad hoc meetings in London) ⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team. 📚 £1,000 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences. 🏡 We will set you up to work from home; all employees are given Macbooks and for fully remote workers we will provide extra support for your work-from-home setup. ➕ Plus lots more! Read our full list of benefits . 🌈 The application journey has 4 key steps An initial call with our recruiter A call with one of our Credit Risk Oversight Managers, the hiring manager(s) for the role A take-home task Two competency, based interviews - one role specific technical interview and one behaviours and values interview This process should take around 4-8 weeks - your schedule is really important to us, so we promise to be as flexible as possible! We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo. You can read them here. #LI-TK1 Equal opportunities for everyone Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our blog , 2026 Diversity and Inclusion Report and 2025 Gender Pay Gap Report. We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status. If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊 Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf 🛂 Please confirm your Right to Work status in the location where this job is advertised. * Select... We legally have to verify that you have the right to work in the location where you'd be working from. Your answer to this question won't affect the outcome of your application, unless you'd need visa sponsorship but are applying to a role we don't sponsor. 🇺🇸 Are you a US Person? * Select... A US Person is defined as someone who: was born in the United States (US) has at least 1 parent who was born in the US is a naturalised citizen of the US is a green card holder is a US tax resident 🔐 Keeping your data safe is really important to us. Please take a look at our Candidate Data Privacy Notice (linked below) and confirm that you have. * Select... 🔗 Candidate Data Privacy Notice . If you’d like to, please share your preferred pronouns (eg. they/them/theirs, she/her/hers). If you'd like to, please spell out your name how it's pronounced so we know how to say it. 👤 Identity survey Our goal at Monzo is to make money work for everyone. To do that, working at Monzo must work for everyone. We want to create an equitable, engaged and innovative workplace which gives people from all backgrounds the support they need to thrive and grow. Making Monzo work for everyone starts right at the beginning of every Monzonaut's journey: when they apply to work here. This demographic survey will help us better understand the people who apply to work at Monzo. It'll help us see how different groups progress through our hiring process, and where we need to make improvements to be more inclusive. If you choose to fill it out, all of the information you give us is: Voluntary . And we've included a "prefer not to say" option for every question. It'd be helpful if you still fill out the survey even if you choose "prefer not to say" for every question, as it's useful for us to understand & record this. We won't know if you choose to fill this survey in or not. Anonymous to Monzo . We can't tie your responses to you and they won't make a difference to the outcome of your application. We'll only use grouped responses for equal opportunities monitoring in our hiring process. For more information on how we'll use this data, please read our candidate privacy notice . By filling out this survey, you agree that we can use your responses for the purposes we've mentioned above. You are not letting us know if we need to make any adjustments to the hiring process because of disability or neurodiversity - to do this please email us. How would you describe your gender identity? Select... Do you identify as transgender? Select... What's your sexual orientation? Select... Do you identify as having a disability? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodivergent? Select... How would your describe your ethnicity? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse