Advisory Council: economists and business leaders working with Frontier | Frontier Economics Frontier Economics People Careers Working With Us Interns Analysts & Apprentice Analysts Experienced Economists Vacancies and Apply Equity, Diversity & Inclusion Learning & Development Contact Us English English Deutsch Français Español Sectors Expertise News & Insights About Us Economic and strategic advice you can count on, across a broad range of sectors Automotive Climate Change Communications Digital Economics of AI Energy Financial Services Health and Social Care Post Retail and Consumer Technology Transport Water Cunliffe review: what's next for water Read our new series of papers, where we share our initial thoughts on the future regulation of the sector Read now Our economists use a collective wealth of knowledge and experience to solve clients' issues Behavioural Economics Competition Data Science & AI Dispute Support Finance International Trade Public Policy Regulation Strategy Transfer pricing Merger Benefits Unit Frontier responds to CMA consultations on a range of reforms to the UK competition regime Frontier has actively engaged with these CMA consultations, including its ongoing consultation on merger efficiencies. Read now Read our new publications and get the latest insights from our economic experts Articles News Events Case Studies Frontier Focus Economic Advisory Council UK carbon capture strengths revealed in new Frontier–Clarivate analysis Our report, co-authored with Clarivate, highlights where the UK already has an edge. Read now Get to know our experts and how we can help you Who We Are Our Approach Social Impact People Social Impact Report Advisory Council: economists and business leaders working with Frontier Linking experience from government, academia and business with the questions clients face. Read now ✕ Sectors Sectors Automotive Climate Change Communications Digital Economics of AI Energy Financial Services Health and Social Care Post Retail and Consumer Technology Transport Water Expertise Expertise Behavioural Economics Competition Data Science & AI Dispute Support Finance International Trade Public Policy Regulation Strategy Transfer pricing Merger Benefits Unit News & Insights News & Insights Articles News Events Case Studies Frontier Focus Economic Advisory Council About Us About Us Who We Are Our Approach Social Impact People Social Impact Report People Careers Careers Working With Us Interns Analysts & Apprentice Analysts Experienced Economists Vacancies and Apply Equity, Diversity & Inclusion Learning & Development Contact Us English Language English Deutsch Français Español Home News and Insights News Advisory Council: economists and business leaders working with Frontier Advisory Council: economists and business leaders working with Frontier Linking experience from government, academia and business with the questions clients face. The choices facing businesses and policymakers today are harder, more complex and more connected than ever. Competition policy and digital markets. Behavioural regulation and consumer protection. The energy transition, investment, growth and tariffs. These issues overlap and interact. A decision in one area can trigger consequences in another. To strengthen and deepen the advice we give our clients, we’ve created an Advisory Council chaired by Sharon White. The Council brings together leading economists and senior business figures who advise at the highest levels of government and business. The Council will: Broaden our perspective with experience from government, academia and business. Strengthen and deepen our advice by bringing outside insight on the issues that matter most. Share their expertise with clients through selected discussions, publications and events. Members Sharon White , former John Lewis Partnership Chair and Ofcom Chief Executive, is Chair of Frontier Economics and a recognised leader in public service, business, and regulation. Carolyn Fairbairn is a British economist and former CBI Director-General whose career spans the World Bank, The Economist, McKinsey, BBC, and ITV, now a board leader at Tesco, HSBC, and major UK institutions. Christopher Pissarides is a Nobel Prize–winning economist at LSE and co-founder of the Institute for the Future of Work, renowned for his research on labour markets, growth, and the future of work. Gill Whitehead is a former Google and BBC executive turned digital regulation leader, now driving online safety and governance while serving on major corporate and sporting boards. Gus O’Donnell , former UK Cabinet Secretary serving three Prime Ministers, is Ambassador at Frontier Economics and a leading voice on public policy and behavioural economics. Jason Furman is a Harvard economist, former chief economic adviser to President Obama, and author of the UK’s landmark Furman Review of digital markets, shaping U.S. and global economic policy. Paul Dolan is Professor of Behavioural Science at LSE, bestselling author, and leading expert on happiness, well-being, and public policy, whose research and writing have shaped national and global debates. Paul Johnson is Provost of Queen’s College, Oxford, former Director of the Institute for Fiscal Studies, and one of the UK’s leading public economists on tax, welfare, and fiscal policy. Welcoming the launch, Sharon White said “I am delighted to be chairing Frontier’s first ever advisory council and to be bringing together members who are exceptional in their respective fields - straddling business, the public sector and academia with an array of international experience. The Council will provide unique insights that will only enhance Frontier’s advice to clients in the UK, Europe and globally. “ The Advisory Council will meet for the first time in October. We’re looking forward to sharing some insights from those discussions in our publications and events. To find out more, contact media@frontier-economics.com . Posted on 11 September 2025 The complex made simple We use financial analysis, data science, game theory and behavioural economics to turn data into practical advice. Sectors Automotive Climate Change Communications Digital Energy Financial Services Health and Social Care Post Retail and Consumer Technology Transport Water Expertise Behavioural Economics Competition Data Science & AI Dispute Support Finance International Trade Public Policy Regulation Strategy Transfer pricing About Who We Are Our Approach People Working With Us Vacancies and Apply Contact Us Media enquiries Documents Financial Statements - Frontier Economics FY25 Download pdf (847Kb) Carbon Reduction Plan 2025 Download pdf (208Kb) Gender Pay Gap Report 2026 Download pdf (464Kb) Follow Us: Modern Slavery Statement - July 2026 Legals Cookie Policy Copyright 2026 Frontier Economics