Job Application for Fraud Compliance Manager at Monzo Back to jobs Fraud Compliance Manager Remote (UK) Apply 🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ Cardiff, London or Remote (UK) | 💰 £71,400 - £90,000 + benefits ✨ ⭐Our Fraud and Financial Crime Compliance team We’re looking for a Fraud Compliance Manager to join our second line of defence (2LoD) Fraud and Financial Crime Compliance. You’ll help provide oversight, challenge and assurance across Monzo, ensuring we manage fraud risks effectively while continuing to deliver a phenomenal customer experience. As part of our Risk and Compliance Collective, you’ll play an important role in helping Monzo grow safely, responsibly and in line with regulatory expectations. 🔑 You’ll play a key role by… Delivering assurance reviews across key fraud regulations, processes and controls, helping teams understand and manage fraud risks. Providing clear, actionable feedback that strengthens Monzo’s control environment and supports fair customer outcomes. Supporting the delivery of the Fraud Assurance Plan through effective oversight and challenge of first line activities, including the effectiveness of fraud rules and monitoring, Producing high-quality, data-led reports, management information and recommendations for stakeholders across the business. Tracking and validating remediation actions arising from assurance reviews to ensure effective resolution. Supporting the change process, fraud compliance risk assessments, assurance planning and the continuous development of assurance methodologies. Helping build a positive culture around regulation, compliance and continuous improvement through training, collaboration and innovation. 🤩 We’d love to hear from you if… You have experience in a fraud analytics role, or similar. You have a great understanding of fraud regulations and guidance, including areas such as APPR, PSD2 and key consumer duty and other regulatory requirements. You can analyse complex information and data, translating findings into clear, practical recommendations. You have experience working within compliance, assurance or audit in a regulated financial services environment. You’re organised, proactive and comfortable managing competing priorities in a fast-paced environment. You build strong relationships with a wide range of stakeholders and communicate effectively at all levels. You’re excited by the opportunity to shape the future of banking and see compliance as a key enabler of sustainable growth. The interview process: Our interview process involves 4 main stages: Short call with a recruiter 30 minute call with Hiring Manager Role specific interview Behavioural interview Our average process takes around 3-4 weeks but we will always work around your availability. What’s in it for you: 💰 £71,400 to £90,000 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance + Benefits ⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, at times that suit you and your team. 📚 Learning budget of £1,000 a year for books, training courses and conferences ➕ And much more, see our full list of benefits here #LI-JK #LI-Remote Equal opportunities for everyone Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our blog , 2026 Diversity and Inclusion Report and 2025 Gender Pay Gap Report. We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status. If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊 Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf 🇺🇸 Are you a US Person? * Select... A US Person is defined as someone who: was born in the United States (US) has at least 1 parent who was born in the US is a naturalised citizen of the US is a green card holder is a US tax resident 🔐 Keeping your data safe is really important to us. Please take a look at our Candidate Data Privacy Notice (linked below) and confirm that you have. * Select... 🔗 Candidate Data Privacy Notice . If you’d like to, please share your preferred pronouns (eg. they/them/theirs, she/her/hers). If you'd like to, please spell out your name how it's pronounced so we know how to say it. Do you have experience working in fraud? * Select... Do you have experience working in financial services? * Select... 🛂 Please confirm your Right to Work status in the location where this job is advertised. * Select... We legally have to verify that you have the right to work in the location where you'd be working from. Your answer to this question won't affect the outcome of your application, unless you'd need visa sponsorship but are applying to a role we don't sponsor. 👤 Identity survey Our goal at Monzo is to make money work for everyone. To do that, working at Monzo must work for everyone. We want to create an equitable, engaged and innovative workplace which gives people from all backgrounds the support they need to thrive and grow. Making Monzo work for everyone starts right at the beginning of every Monzonaut's journey: when they apply to work here. This demographic survey will help us better understand the people who apply to work at Monzo. It'll help us see how different groups progress through our hiring process, and where we need to make improvements to be more inclusive. If you choose to fill it out, all of the information you give us is: Voluntary . And we've included a "prefer not to say" option for every question. It'd be helpful if you still fill out the survey even if you choose "prefer not to say" for every question, as it's useful for us to understand & record this. We won't know if you choose to fill this survey in or not. Anonymous to Monzo . We can't tie your responses to you and they won't make a difference to the outcome of your application. We'll only use grouped responses for equal opportunities monitoring in our hiring process. For more information on how we'll use this data, please read our candidate privacy notice . By filling out this survey, you agree that we can use your responses for the purposes we've mentioned above. You are not letting us know if we need to make any adjustments to the hiring process because of disability or neurodiversity - to do this please email us. How would you describe your gender identity? Select... Do you identify as transgender? Select... What's your sexual orientation? Select... Do you identify as having a disability? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodivergent? Select... How would your describe your ethnicity? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse