Skip to Content Who We Are Who We Are Learn More Our Culture Leadership Team Civic Leadership Office Locations × What We Do What We Do Learn More Commodities Credit and Convertibles Equities Citadel Global Equities Surveyor Capital Ashler Capital Citadel International Equities Strategic Equity Investments Equity Quantitative Research Fixed Income and Macro Global Quantitative Strategies × News News Learn More In the Media Policy Positions × Careers Careers Learn More Investing Citadel Associate Program Engineering Site Reliability Engineering Quantitative Research Business Operations Internships Programs & Events Undergraduates Citadel Associate Program Datathon Discover Citadel Fixed Income and Macro Central Bank Challenge Terminal Trading Invitational Conference Travel Grant PhDs and Postdocs GQS PhD Colloquium GQS PhD Fellowship PhD Summit Conference Travel Grant Early Careers Citadel Associate Program Campus Sponsorships Career Perspectives Open Opportunities Positions for Students Internships Full Time Positions for Professionals Investing Engineering Quantitative Research Business Operations × Client Login Who We Are Overview Our Culture Leadership Team Civic Leadership Office Locations What We Do Overview Commodities Credit and Convertibles Equities Overview Citadel Global Equities Surveyor Capital Ashler Capital Citadel International Equities Strategic Equity Investments Equity Quantitative Research Fixed Income and Macro Global Quantitative Strategies News Overview In the Media Policy Positions Careers Overview Investing Overview Citadel Associate Program Engineering Overview Site Reliability Engineering Quantitative Research Business Operations Internships Programs & Events Overview Undergraduates Citadel Associate Program Datathon Discover Citadel Fixed Income and Macro Central Bank Challenge Terminal Trading Invitational Conference Travel Grant PhDs and Postdocs GQS PhD Colloquium GQS PhD Fellowship PhD Summit Conference Travel Grant Early Careers Citadel Associate Program Campus Sponsorships Career Perspectives Open Opportunities Overview Positions for Students Internships Full Time Positions for Professionals Investing Engineering Quantitative Research Business Operations Client Login Careers / Open Opportunities Open Opportunities 5 filters applied Opportunities Clear All Filters Internships Business Operations Investing Quantitative Research London Experience Level Select All Experienced Professionals Internships New Graduates Role Type Select All Business Operations Engineering Investing Quantitative Research Office Locations Select All Americas Chicago Greenwich Houston Miami New York Europe Dublin Hamburg London Paris Zurich Asia-Pacific Hong Kong Singapore Sydney Tokyo Clear Selection Save Newest Newest Oldest Viewing 10 of 60 Filtering results Explore Careers by Team We place promising candidates into positions where they can maximize their talents and fulfill their potential. Investing Investing Pursue deep market research and make critical investment and risk decisions. Explore Working in Investing Engineering Engineering Rapidly build, scale and deploy the technologies that power our strategies. Explore Working as an Engineer Quantitative Research Quantitative Research Build predictive models to better understand dynamic global markets. Explore Working as a Quantitative Researcher Inside Citadel’s Interview Process We want to empower you to give the best interview possible. Select your discipline for detailed information on what to expect as you move through this process. Select a role of interest Engineering Engineering Quantitative Research 01 First Round This 45-minute interview will cover both technical and behavioral skills. We use video, so be sure you’re camera-ready! We’ll focus on coding, data structures and algorithms and problem-solving. Your interviewer may ask you to explain your approach. These aren’t trick questions: we just want to learn more about your strategy and process. The interviewer will also ask about your technical interests, past internship experience, school projects and your reasons for exploring opportunities at Citadel. This 45-minute interview will cover both technical and behavioral skills. We use video, so be sure you’re camera-ready! We’ll focus on coding, data structures and algorithms and problem-solving. Your interviewer may ask you to explain your approach. These aren’t trick questions: we just want to learn more about your strategy and process. The interviewer will also ask about your technical interests, past internship experience, school projects and your reasons for exploring opportunities at Citadel. 02 Second Round The second round usually consists of three 45-minute interviews. Like the first round, it assesses a combination of technical and behavioral skills. It’s also an opportunity for you to ask what’s on your mind, so come prepared with questions. Following this round of interviews, we will reach out with next steps within two weeks The second round usually consists of three 45-minute interviews. Like the first round, it assesses a combination of technical and behavioral skills. It’s also an opportunity for you to ask what’s on your mind, so come prepared with questions. Following this round of interviews, we will reach out with next steps within two weeks 03 Leadership Interview If a hiring manager expresses interest in your profile, you will interview with a senior engineer to be assessed for a specific team. Following the second-round interviews, hiring managers across teams within Citadel and Citadel Securities have the opportunity to review your resume and interview feedback to determine where you would fit best. If a team expresses interest in your profile, they will call you in for an interview. If more than one team is interested, this round could consist of multiple interviews. If a hiring manager expresses interest in your profile, you will interview with a senior engineer to be assessed for a specific team. Following the second-round interviews, hiring managers across teams within Citadel and Citadel Securities have the opportunity to review your resume and interview feedback to determine where you would fit best. If a team expresses interest in your profile, they will call you in for an interview. If more than one team is interested, this round could consist of multiple interviews. 04 Final Review Hiring managers will determine your fit within that specific team. If multiple teams are interested in moving forward with your candidacy, you will work with your recruiting contact to determine the best fit for you. Hiring managers will determine your fit within that specific team. If multiple teams are interested in moving forward with your candidacy, you will work with your recruiting contact to determine the best fit for you. 1 / 4 01 First Round This 45- to 60-minute remote interview will cover both technical and behavioral skills. We use video, so be sure you’re camera ready! We’ll focus on programming skills, research ability, data structures/algorithms and problem-solving. Our core programming languages are Python and C++, but we welcome any languages. Prior to the interviews, we’ll send a CoderPad link. Your interviewer may ask you to explain your approach. These aren’t trick questions: we just want to learn more about your strategy and process. The interviewer will also ask about your technical interests, past internship experience, school projects and your reasons for exploring opportunities at Citadel. This 45- to 60-minute remote interview will cover both technical and behavioral skills. We use video, so be sure you’re camera ready! We’ll focus on programming skills, research ability, data structures/algorithms and problem-solving. Our core programming languages are Python and C++, but we welcome any languages. Prior to the interviews, we’ll send a CoderPad link. Your interviewer may ask you to explain your approach. These aren’t trick questions: we just want to learn more about your strategy and process. The interviewer will also ask about your technical interests, past internship experience, school projects and your reasons for exploring opportunities at Citadel. 02 Second Round The second round is onsite, and usually consists of three to five 60-minute interviews. Like the first round, it assesses a combination of technical and behavioral skills. It’s also an opportunity for you to ask what’s on your mind, so come prepared with questions. Following this round of interviews, we will reach out with next steps within two weeks. The second round is onsite, and usually consists of three to five 60-minute interviews. Like the first round, it assesses a combination of technical and behavioral skills. It’s also an opportunity for you to ask what’s on your mind, so come prepared with questions. Following this round of interviews, we will reach out with next steps within two weeks. 03 Final Review Following the second round, hiring managers across teams within Citadel will determine your fit within their specific team. If multiple teams are interested in moving forward with your candidacy, you will work with your recruiting contact to determine the best fit for you. Following the second round, hiring managers across teams within Citadel will determine your fit within their specific team. If multiple teams are interested in moving forward with your candidacy, you will work with your recruiting contact to determine the best fit for you. 04 Offer If we decide to move forward with an offer, our recruiting team will contact you with final details. If you ultimately receive an opportunity from two businesses at Citadel, you will choose which business you would like to receive an offer from. If we decide to move forward with an offer, our recruiting team will contact you with final details. If you ultimately receive an opportunity from two businesses at Citadel, you will choose which business you would like to receive an offer from. 0 / 0 Life at Citadel Our Culture Our Culture Discover how we work, what we value and how we help people succeed. Explore Our Culture Career Perspectives Career Perspectives Learn more about how a position at our firm can help you excel. Explore Career Insights Citadel Who We Are What We Do News Careers Privacy Terms of Use Fraud Notice Disclosures Copyright © Citadel Enterprise Americas LLC or one of its affiliates. All rights reserved. Citadel is an equal opportunity employer. We provide all individuals consideration for employment and advancement opportunities without regard to race, religion, color, gender, pregnancy, national origin, age, disability, military or veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information and any other classification protected by applicable federal, state and local laws. Privacy Preference CenterWhen you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. You can also find out more about the specific cookies that are dropped by clicking ‘Cookie Details’. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More informationAllow All Manage Consent PreferencesEssential Cookies (strictly necessary)Always OnThese cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.View Vendor Details‎Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.View Vendor Details‎Functional Cookies Functional Cookies Functional cookies: These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization, and to remember any choices you make on the website. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.View Vendor Details‎Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies: These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners, to deliver adverts more relevant and suited to you and your interests. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. These cookies operate by uniquely identifying your browser and internet device, but will usually not store any other personal information. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.View Vendor Details‎Back ButtonVendors List Search IconFilter IconClear checkbox label labelApply CancelConsent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices