Private Credit Case Study: Air France-KLMApollo Global Management General Public General Public Institutional Investors Public Shareholders Wealth Professionals Log In Investors Former Employees Portfolio Companies About Apollo Strategies Insights & News Investors Media About Apollo Learn about our firm, our purpose, our people and our offices around the world. Explore Our History Our People Sustainability & Our Impact Careers Contact Us Sustainability Overview Expanding Opportunity Reporting & Transparency The Apollo Opportunity Foundation Financing The Global Industrial Renaissance Apollo stands as a key financing partner for some of the most innovative sectors driving our future. The Only Constant is Change As markets change, Apollo transforms by creating innovative and differentiated strategies that are defining the future of finance. Strategies Discover what makes Apollo an innovative capital provider, future-focused asset manager and leader in wealth management and retirement solutions. Explore Asset Management Retirement Solutions Credit Equity Real Assets Financial Services Financing Solutions for Companies Credit Overview Asset-Backed Finance Corporate Credit Equity Overview Private Equity Hybrid Value Impact Investing Platform Secondaries (S3) Real Assets Overview Energy Transition Real Estate European Principal Finance (EPF) Infrastructure Financial Services Overview Origination Financial Services Solutions Private Investment-Grade Credit Explore how private credit can promote resiliency in financial systems, fuel business growth and power retirement income. Insights & News Discover Apollo’s latest perspectives, case studies, research and analysis shaping conversations about private markets. Explore Insights Press Releases In the News The Daily Spark Apollo Academy Inside Alts With Marc Rowan What if the assumptions we’ve always relied on in finance no longer hold true? New Heights for Air France-KLM How Apollo’s long-duration capital and aviation expertise helped one of the world’s leading airlines soar to new heights. Investors Explore resources designed to support private markets investors and public shareholders. Explore Public Private Athene, Retirement Services Apollo Global Management, Inc. (NYSE: APO) Athene (NYSE: ATH.PRA-D) Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance (NYSE: ARI) MidCap Financial Investment Corp. (NASDAQ: MFIC) Institutional Investors Wealth Professionals Watch the Replay of Investor Day Featuring senior leaders from across the business providing insight on the firm’s progress, long-term growth opportunities, strategy and financial outlook. General Public General Public Institutional Investors Public Shareholders Wealth Professionals Log In Investors Former Employees Portfolio Companies About Apollo Strategies Insights & News Investors Media Back About Apollo Learn about our firm, our purpose, our people and our offices around the world. Explore Our History Our People Sustainability & Our Impact Careers Contact Us Financing The Global Industrial Renaissance Apollo stands as a key financing partner for some of the most innovative sectors driving our future. The Only Constant is Change As markets change, Apollo transforms by creating innovative and differentiated strategies that are defining the future of finance. Back Strategies Discover what makes Apollo an innovative capital provider, future-focused asset manager and leader in wealth management and retirement solutions. Explore Asset Management Retirement Solutions Private Investment-Grade Credit Explore how private credit can promote resiliency in financial systems, fuel business growth and power retirement income. Back Insights & News Discover Apollo’s latest perspectives, case studies, research and analysis shaping conversations about private markets. Explore Insights Press Releases In the News The Daily Spark Apollo Academy Inside Alts With Marc Rowan What if the assumptions we’ve always relied on in finance no longer hold true? New Heights for Air France-KLM How Apollo’s long-duration capital and aviation expertise helped one of the world’s leading airlines soar to new heights. Back Investors Explore resources designed to support private markets investors and public shareholders. Explore Public Private Athene, Retirement Services Watch the Replay of Investor Day Featuring senior leaders from across the business providing insight on the firm’s progress, long-term growth opportunities, strategy and financial outlook. Back Media Back to About Apollo Our History Back to About Apollo Our People Back to About Apollo Sustainability & Our Impact Sustainability Overview Expanding Opportunity Reporting & Transparency The Apollo Opportunity Foundation Back to About Apollo Careers Back to About Apollo Contact Us Back to Strategies Asset Management Credit Equity Real Assets Financial Services Financing Solutions for Companies Back to Strategies Retirement Solutions Back to Insights & News Insights Back to Insights & News Press Releases Back to Insights & News In the News Back to Insights & News The Daily Spark Back to Insights & News Apollo Academy Back to Investors Public Apollo Global Management, Inc. (NYSE: APO) Athene (NYSE: ATH.PRA-D) Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance (NYSE: ARI) MidCap Financial Investment Corp. (NASDAQ: MFIC) Back to Investors Private Institutional Investors Wealth Professionals Back to Investors Athene, Retirement Services Back to Sustainability & Our Impact Sustainability Overview Back to Sustainability & Our Impact Expanding Opportunity Back to Sustainability & Our Impact Reporting & Transparency Back to Sustainability & Our Impact The Apollo Opportunity Foundation Back to Asset Management Credit Credit Overview Asset-Backed Finance Corporate Credit Back to Asset Management Equity Equity Overview Private Equity Hybrid Value Impact Investing Platform Secondaries (S3) Back to Asset Management Real Assets Real Assets Overview Energy Transition Real Estate European Principal Finance (EPF) Infrastructure Back to Asset Management Financial Services Financial Services Overview Origination Financial Services Solutions Back to Asset Management Financing Solutions for Companies Back to Public Apollo Global Management, Inc. (NYSE: APO) Back to Public Athene (NYSE: ATH.PRA-D) Back to Public Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance (NYSE: ARI) Back to Public MidCap Financial Investment Corp. (NASDAQ: MFIC) Back to Private Institutional Investors Back to Private Wealth Professionals Search Search SUGGESTED SEARCH TERMS Private Investment-Grade Credit Capital Solutions Athene Origination Infrastructure Sustainability Hybrid Equity Market Insight Retirement Podcast Secondaries Air France-KLM: Soaring To New Heights Air France-KLM: Soaring To New Heights Credit | Case Study April 15, 2025 Air France-KLM: Soaring To New Heights Read More Building & Financing Businesses Video Credit Case Study In This Video Jamshid Ehsani Partner, Head of Global Principal Structured Finance Christopher Edson Partner, Global Head of Origination Did You Miss The Latest? Fixed Income: The AI Issuance Boom and What it Means For Portfolios September 17, 2026 The Reindustrialization of America Is Underway September 15, 2026 Share April 15, 2025 Air France-KLM: Soaring To New Heights About the Author Jamshid Ehsani Partner, Head of Global Principal Structured Finance Christopher Edson Partner, Global Head of Origination Air France-KLM, one of the world’s preeminent airline groups, leveraged Apollo’s bespoke financing solutions during the COVID pandemic to strengthen its balance sheet, preserve its strategic flexibility and position the global business for long-term success. Overview Transcript Overview Overview Transcript Watch the video to learn how Apollo utilized its long-term, flexible capital and aviation expertise to structure and execute three transactions over 18 months to help Air France-KLM navigate a turbulent time and soar to new heights. Jamshid Ehsani, Partner & Head of Global Principal Structured Finance: In 2021, we approached Air France. Air France was significantly affected by COVID. We had analyzed many airlines globally to identify the most resilient ones that would benefit from our flexible capital solutions. Air France-KLM stood up as one of the highest quality airlines. Benjamin Smith, CEO, Air France-KLM: Air France-KLM faced significant challenges, including a fragile balance sheet and a volatile state of the travel industry. Apollo's ability to provide creative financing solutions was instrumental in strengthening our balance sheet and enabling us to weather the storm. Jamshid Ehsani: Air France-KLM objective was very straightforward from the beginning: provide the airline with significant non-dilutive equity capital to bridge the path to financial stability post-COVID. Apollo’s Flight Plan: Provide €2.5 billion in equity capital, preserve Air France-KLM’s operational control, prepare for takeoff. Chris Edson, Partner & Global Head of Origination: Apollo's focused on providing solutions that companies need. It's a very collaborative back and forth. Jamshid Ehsani: We create a trustworthy environment between Apollo team and the corporation to analyze and identify solutions. Benjamin Smith: While many firms can provide capital, Apollo goes a step further by offering tailor-made solutions that are unique to our specific challenges. Apollo distinguishes itself through its agility and innovative approach to structuring deals. Jamshid Ehsani: Apollo has access to long-term capital from its insurance balance sheet. Our ability to use that in a flexible manner to address the issues that the corporation brings us, allows us to provide them a solution. Benjamin Smith: They are not just financial experts. They are strategic thinkers who take a long-term view and are generally invested in our success. They’ve taken the time to fully comprehend, not only our financial needs, but also our long-term vision to boost profitability across our business units. Jamshid Ehsani: Our ability to listen to the management, understand the issues, allowed us to provide a solution that navigated the complex environment. We created a long-term partnership with our long-term capital. Related Strategy Investment-Grade Private Credit Private credit can help to finance business growth and innovation, support household prosperity and fuel the real economy. Tags Building & Financing Businesses Video Credit Case Study Did You Miss The Latest? Fixed Income: The AI Issuance Boom and What it Means For Portfolios September 17, 2026 The Reindustrialization of America Is Underway September 15, 2026 Share Download PDF Credit | Case Study Related Insights 1:55 Hertz: Apollo’s Flexible Capital at Work Amid bankruptcy at the height of COVID, Hertz found in Apollo a financing partner capable of executing a quick-turn, multi-billion-dollar series of transactions that enabled the company to continue operations and meet customers’ needs. 1:18 AB InBev: Innovative Capital Solutions Apollo’s credit business is uniquely positioned to provide companies like AB InBev with the long-term, creative capital solutions they need to grow. 2:56 Concord: Largest-Ever Music ABS Transaction Building on a longstanding relationship, Apollo supported leading independent music company Concord in October 2024 with an $850 Million ABS issuance – the latest of three transactions led by Apollo, including the largest-ever and highest-rated music ABS in history* at $1.8 Billion. Social Explore Apollo About Us Strategies Sustainability & Our Impact Insights & News Careers Media More Information Athene Apollo Academy Investor Relations (NYSE: APO) Contact Us Governance Terms of Use Privacy Policy Web Fraud & Phishing Disclosures Disclaimer Forward-Looking Statements Form CRS Cookies © Apollo Global Management, Inc. 2026 All Rights Reserved.