Skip to main contentWe use cookies to help provide you with the best possible experience. By using this site, you agree that we may store cookies on your device.Find out more hereDeclineAccept CookiesSign InNatWest Markets - Quantitative Analytics- Internship page is loadedNatWest Markets - Quantitative Analytics- InternshipApplylocationsLondontime typeFull timeposted onPosted Todayjob requisition idR-00285741Why NatWest Markets, and why Quantitative Analytics? At NatWest Markets, we focus on what we do best and what matters most to our customers. Our Quantitative Analytics teams develop quantitative models and analytical tools for derivatives and algorithmic trading, capital, and other financial resources management. Your graduate journey If you’re looking for an industry placement as part of your master’s degree or above, our 10-week Quantitative Analytics internship has been designed to both prepare you for working life and challenge you at the same time. Our Quantitative Analytics summer internship has been designed to give you a taste of what it’s like to work with us, along with valuable experience to help guide your career choices. Over the course of this 10-week programme, you can look forward to: Gaining unique experience in one of three distinct areas of Quantitative Analytics-Derivatives Pricing & Risk Management, Algorithmic Trading & Data Science, or Quants Development Learning a mix of practical knowledge and technical market skills Seeing first-hand how we work together to deliver an outstanding service for our customers Learning about our culture, values, and goals Attending training workshops and getting involved with our day-to-day work Exploring your capability by taking part in a business improvement project At the end of the placement, we’ll assess you on what you’ve learned. Complete this successfully and you could be offered a place on our NatWest Markets graduate programme, where you can carry the skills you’ve learnt forward and take the next step in your career. How you’ll benefit We’ll reward you with a starting salary of £45,000 pro rata. Plus, you can expect to: Learn from industry experts and immediately apply your learnings Enrich your learning with access to world-leading research and insights Test and learn new approaches in a safe, inclusive environment Start building a global professional network Grow your confidence, build your resilience, and elevate your presence Experience first-hand what it’s like working in a purpose-driven organisation Entry requirements To be eligible for our Quantitative Analytics internship you’ll need: To be in your penultimate year of university, studying for a master’s degree or above To be on course to achieving a 2:1 in your degree, or a 3.4 GPA Strong technical skills across maths, physics, engineering, computer science, and data science A strong customer focus Communication skills The ability to adapt well in a rapidly changing environment A flair for innovation Curiosity and an open mind Ready to apply? The application window for this programme will be open until we receive enough applications to fill our cohort. When that happens, we’ll close the programme to new applications. It’s important to take the time to make sure you’re making the right decision about the programme you want to apply for (you can only apply for one programme) but please complete your application as soon as you can to make sure you don’t miss out! Have another question? Head over to our ‘Applying and eligibility support’ page now for answers to some of our most commonly asked questions.Hours35Job Posting Closing Date:Job Posting Closing Date is not yet published.Ways of Working:Office First