Job Application for Senior Financial Crime Investigator, EU at Monzo Back to jobs New Senior Financial Crime Investigator, EU Remote (UK) Apply 🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ Remote in the UK 🇬🇧 | 💰 £29,450 - £37,000 (+ £2,500 Multilingual Premium) + Incentive Awards tied to your performance + Benefits 👋 Hey there! We're Monzo, the bank that's making money work for everyone. We're all about waving goodbye to old-school banking and creating magical moments for our customers. This is an exciting time to join us as we continue to grow, and in this role as a Senior Investigator you'll play a key part in supporting our customers. 🔑You’ll play a key role by... Investigating complex or high-risk anti-money laundering alerts on business accounts. Responsible for recommending Suspicious Transaction Reports (STR) be by Monzo Bank EU. Making business onboarding decisions in high-risk or complex cases. Conducting ongoing due diligence on high-risk business accounts. Providing financial crime expertise and support to other operational teams across the business. 🤩We’d love to hear from you if… You have strong English written and verbal communication skills. You are Fluent in Italian both written and verbal communication skills. You have strong experience of conducting high-risk business banking screening or complex business financial crime investigations. You have experience making independent, risk-based financial crime decisions in a regulated financial services firm. You have knowledge of the current financial crime landscape in the UK and the EU, and associated financial crime risks. We have 4 different shift patterns available two for Retail shift 1 involves working Monday-Friday (varying 8.5 hour shift which includes a lunch hour covering between 7am - 6.30pm) with one in four weekends or shift 2 involves working 1200 - 2030 Monday - Friday. Business Banking shift 3 0800 - 1630/0900 - 1730 and 1200 - 2030 will be based on 8.5 hours per day (with a 1 hour lunch included). This will include 1 in 4 weekend. Shift 4 involves between 1200 - 2030 Monday - Friday. The start for the role will be 4th January 2027 and you must be able to commit to the first 8 weeks of training Monday to Friday 9am-5.30pm. No holidays/time off will be authorised during this period. 🙌 What’s in it for you 💰£29,450 - £37,000 (+ £2,500 Multilingual Premium) 🎂 We guarantee to approve time off on your birthday if it falls on a day you’re scheduled to work and it’s outside of your training period. 📍 This role is remote based in the UK. 📚£1,000 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences. 🏡 We will set you up to work from home; all employees are given Macbooks and for fully remote workers we will provide extra support for your work-from-home setup. ➕ Plus lots more! Read our full list of benefits . 🌈 Ready to join the Monzo adventure? Apply now and help us make money work for everyone in the EU! The application journey has 4 key steps Application questions. Call with a Recruiter. Interview to discuss your previous experience and technical knowledge and values. The final step will consist of Italian language assessments Not ticking every box? That’s totally okay! Studies show that women and people of colour might hesitate to apply unless they meet every single requirement. At Monzo, we’re dedicated to creating a diverse and welcoming team. If you’re passionate about this role and keen to learn and grow with us, we encourage you to apply— even if you don’t have everything that’s listed just yet. Drop us your application, we’d love to hear from you! We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo. You can read them here. Our average process takes around 5 weeks but we will always work around your availability. We may close the advert should we have sufficient applications so please get your application in as soon as possible to avoid disappointment. #LI-REMOTE #LI-DR Equal opportunities for everyone Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our blog , 2026 Diversity and Inclusion Report and 2025 Gender Pay Gap Report. We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status. If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊 Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf 🇺🇸 Are you a US Person? * Select... A US Person is defined as someone who: was born in the United States (US) has at least 1 parent who was born in the US is a naturalised citizen of the US is a green card holder is a US tax resident 🔐 Keeping your data safe is really important to us. Please take a look at our Candidate Data Privacy Notice (linked below) and confirm that you have. * Select... 🔗 Candidate Data Privacy Notice . 🛂 Please confirm your Right to Work status in the location where this job is advertised. * Select... We legally have to verify that you have the right to work in the location where you'd be working from. Your answer to this question won't affect the outcome of your application, unless you'd need visa sponsorship but are applying to a role we don't sponsor. Can you commit to the start date of 4th January 2027 and you must be able to commit to the first 8 weeks of training Monday to Friday 9am-5.30pm (no holidays/time off allowed during this time) * We have 4 roles available two for Retail involves working Monday-Friday (varying 8.5 hour shift which includes a lunch hour covering between 7am - 6.30pm) with one in four weekends or working 1200 - 2030 Monday - Friday roles. Business Banking involve two shifts 0800 - 1630/0900 - 1730 and and 1200 - 2030 will be based on 8.5 hours per day (with a 1 hour lunch included). This will include 1 in 4 weekend or working between 1200 - 2030 Monday - Friday roles. Please confirm your able to commit to these shifts and indicate any preferences. * I confirm I am fluent in Italian and English both written and Verbal Language * Please can you tell us about your Financial Crime experience to date? * We screen our customers to identify risks, for example if they are Politically Exposed Persons (PEPs) or we have potential Adverse Media or Sanctions concerns. Discuss the risks associated with a specific screening category, such as Politically Exposed Persons (PEPs), Adverse Media, or Sanctions concerns. Explain how you would conduct robust enhanced due diligence (EDD) in such cases. (Max 400 words) * Describe a complex financial crime investigation you led. What was the situation, how did you make independent, risk-based decisions, what impact did your actions have, and what key lessons did you learn from this experience? * As part of our hiring process, we require you to complete a written and verbal language assessment. This will be completed by a third party 'Euro London'. Should you be successful at interview stage, we will share your contact details (Name, Email & Number) with Euro London to arrange your Language Assessment. If you have any concerns with us sharing this information, please let us know. * Select... Please ensure that when providing answers you questions you are not providing sensitive personal information 👤 Identity survey Our goal at Monzo is to make money work for everyone. To do that, working at Monzo must work for everyone. We want to create an equitable, engaged and innovative workplace which gives people from all backgrounds the support they need to thrive and grow. Making Monzo work for everyone starts right at the beginning of every Monzonaut's journey: when they apply to work here. This demographic survey will help us better understand the people who apply to work at Monzo. It'll help us see how different groups progress through our hiring process, and where we need to make improvements to be more inclusive. If you choose to fill it out, all of the information you give us is: Voluntary . And we've included a "prefer not to say" option for every question. It'd be helpful if you still fill out the survey even if you choose "prefer not to say" for every question, as it's useful for us to understand & record this. We won't know if you choose to fill this survey in or not. Anonymous to Monzo . We can't tie your responses to you and they won't make a difference to the outcome of your application. We'll only use grouped responses for equal opportunities monitoring in our hiring process. For more information on how we'll use this data, please read our candidate privacy notice . By filling out this survey, you agree that we can use your responses for the purposes we've mentioned above. You are not letting us know if we need to make any adjustments to the hiring process because of disability or neurodiversity - to do this please email us. How would you describe your gender identity? Select... Do you identify as transgender? Select... What's your sexual orientation? Select... Do you identify as having a disability? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodivergent? Select... How would your describe your ethnicity? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse