Harrison Street - Summer 2027 Transactions Intern - London Summer 2027 Transactions Intern - London London, UK Transactions – Transactions / Internship / On-site apply for this job Harrison Street is one of the leading investment management firms exclusively focused on alternative real assets. Since inception in 2005, the firm has created a series of differentiated investment solutions focused on demographic-driven, needs-based assets. The firm has invested across senior housing, student housing, healthcare delivery, life sciences and storage real estate as well as social and utility infrastructure. HSAM Europe is a specialist alternative investment manager with more than €12 billion of assets under management (AUM), over 90 professionals and offices across London, Berlin, Geneva, Jersey, Luxembourg, Madrid and Munich. The platform combines deep local market expertise with the global resources and institutional infrastructure of Harrison Street, a leading global investment manager with more than $109 billion of assets under management. HSAM Europe invests across real estate equity, infrastructure and private credit strategies. The firm's real asset platform has developed a range of differentiated investment solutions focused on demographic-driven, needs-based sectors, including senior housing, student housing, healthcare, life sciences, storage real estate, and social and utility infrastructure. Its private credit business provides bespoke asset-backed capital solutions across real estate, hard asset and financial asset markets, focusing on small and mid-cap opportunities where limited access to traditional sources of financing creates attractive risk-adjusted investment opportunities. The Firm is seeking to hire an intern to join the European Acquisitions department in London. The internship will last up to 12 weeks. Individuals in our summer internship program will provide support to the Acquisitions team by performing financial analysis, preparing presentations, cash flow modelling, investment research and property reviews. Highlights of the program include an intern trip to tour various Harrison Street properties, mentoring by executive leadership, and individual projects. Harrison Street’s portfolio encompasses alternative property types, including senior housing, student housing, self-storage, healthcare properties and life science buildings. Candidates should possess broad-based analytical skills, strong understanding of Excel, superior communication skills, and proven research skills. The individual must be a self-starter, able to efficiently allocate time between multiple tasks, changing priorities and tight deadlines. Responsibilities: Excel modelling and development of presentations Actively support in due diligence and execution of new investments Conduct market research Assist in preparing investment committee recommendation papers Participate in due diligence meetings with partners and external advisors Interface, cooperate and get to know Harrison Street’s internal teams (e.g. portfolio management, asset management, legal and investor relations) Requirements: Pursuing a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree with anticipated graduation in Summer 2027 or recently graduated; Excellent communication skills (written and oral) and interpersonal skills Highly motivated and organised individual eager to learn Basic Excel modelling skills including unlevered cash flows Understanding of main financial and return metrics Extensive working knowledge of MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint etc.) Demonstrates a strong interest in real estate and / or investment roles Harrison Street is proud to be an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity, equity and inclusion in the workplace and is an affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to veteran status, uniform service member status, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information or any other protected class under federal, state, or local law. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions, please contact our ADA Accessible Line at (312) 920-0500 or [email protected] . All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations. Harrison Street does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Harrison Street will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Harrison Street. apply for this job Harrison Street Home Page Jobs powered by