Skip to main contentPlease click here to view our EU Cookie PolicyDeclineAccept CookiesEnglishSign InSearch for JobsJoin the Talent CommunityInvestment Banking Summer Analyst Internship 2027 page is loadedInvestment Banking Summer Analyst Internship 2027ApplylocationsLondon - One Creechurch Placeposted onPosted 5 Days Agotime left to applyEnd Date: October 13, 2026 (22 days left to apply)job requisition idR0019274Who are we?Howden is a global insurance group with employee ownership at its heart. Together, we have pushed the boundaries of insurance. We are united by a shared passion and no-limits mindset, and our strength lies in our ability to collaborate as a powerful international team comprised of 24,000 employees spanning over 56 countries.People join Howden for many different reasons, but they stay for the same one: our culture. It’s what sets us apart, and the reason our employees have been turning down headhunters for years. Whatever your priorities – work / life balance, career progression, sustainability, volunteering – you’ll find like-minded people driving change at Howden.Howden Capital Markets & Advisory (HCMA) Investment Banking Summer Analyst Internship Please read before submitting: You may only apply to one summer internship programme for our 2027 intake. Submitting duplicate applications will result in them not being considered. Location: London Start date: June 2027 Salary: £75,000 pro-rata for 10 weeks Duration: 10-week programme Investment Banking Summer Analyst Internship Work on Live Transactions, Learn from Industry Leaders and Launch Your Banking Career Ready to see what investment banking is really like? Join Howden Capital Markets & Advisory (HCMA) for a 10-week summer internship that puts you at the centre of live deals, strategic advice and financial analysis within a global insurance broker. This is more than just work experience, you'll experience the work of a full-time Investment Banking Analyst, working on live transactions and building your technical skills and commercial awareness. Our Summer Internship Programme offers a direct pathway into our 2028 graduate roles. Based on your performance and business needs, you may receive a full-time graduate offer to start working with us in Autumn 2028. What you’ll be doing? You will begin with a structured induction before joining the HCMA team to work alongside experienced specialists on real client projects. During the programme, you'll:Support financial analysis, modelling and valuation work. Contribute to live M&A and advisory transactions. Research companies, industries and market trends. Help prepare presentations and materials for client meetings. Learn how investment banking teams deliver advice to global clients. Who are we looking for? No investment banking or insurance experience is needed; we’ll teach you everything you need to know! You'll be: In your penultimate year of study from any degree background. Genuine drive and motivation for investment banking. Highly numerate and able to use your analytical skills to solve complex problems. Curious to learn about businesses, markets and the factors that drive them. Detail oriented and able to produce accurate and high-quality work. Able to communicate your ideas clearly, both written and verbally. A collaborative team player who is keen to learn and comfortable taking on feedback. Motivated and eager to learn in a fast-paced environment. To be eligible for our programme, you must have the full and unrestricted right to work in the UK. Application process Our application process is designed to help you show your potential, not to test what you already know! Online application form – no CV required: We believe you're more than just a document, so we won’t ask you to submit a CV. Please upload a blank document on the application form. Online gamified assessment: We’ve created games that will help us understand your natural strengths and how you approach different situations. There are no right or wrong answers. You can complete this stage on your phone or laptop, whichever suits you best! Pre-recorded video interview: You will record your answers to a few questions using your phone or laptop, giving you the chance to tell us more about yourself in your own time in a relaxed setting. Assessment centre: Our final stage is an in-person assessment centre at one of our offices. You'll take part in some fun group activities and meet our team in a relaxed setting. This day is all about getting to know you better and for you to see what it's like to be part of Howden and experience our culture. We'll cover all your travel costs for this day, because where you are now, shouldn’t hold back your future! Why should you apply? At Howden, people are at the heart of everything we do. As an employee-owned business, we believe success is built through collaboration, learning and supporting one another. You'll gain exposure to an exciting global industry, receive structured development throughout the summer and build relationships that could shape your future career. You'll also benefit from: £75,000 pro-rata over the 10-weeks. Relocation support may be available for interns who need to relocate to take part in the programme. Support is assessed on a case-by-case basis and subject to eligibility criteria. Opportunity to receive a deferred graduate offer for Autumn 2028. Plenty of learning opportunities, building your experience and knowledge. 6 days of leave, fully paid, plus bank holidays. Access to discounted personal health policies as well as a range of insurance products. Excellent training and development schemes and accelerated career progression. Ready to apply? Follow our TikTok pages: @earlycareersjo and @millieinsurancecareers, and explore our Connectr hub to discover more about Howden, our culture, and the insurance industry. You'll find resources to help you prepare for our recruitment process and understand which career path could be the best fit for you. Please read before submitting: You may only apply to one summer internship programme for our 2027 intake. Submitting duplicate applications will result in additional applications not being considered. #RESI2027What do we offer in return?A career that you define. At Howden, we value diversity – there is no one Howden type. Instead, we’re looking for individuals who share the same values as us:Our successes have all come from someone brave enough to try something newWe support each other in the small everyday moments and the bigger challengesWe are determined to make a positive difference at work and beyondReasonable adjustmentsWe're committed to providing reasonable accommodations at Howden to ensure that our positions align well with your needs. Besides the usual adjustments such as software, IT, and office setups, we can also accommodate other changes such as flexible hours* or hybrid working*.If you're excited by this role but have some doubts about whether it’s the right fit for you, send us your application – if your profile fits the role’s criteria, we will be in touch to assist in helping to get you set up with any reasonable adjustments you may require.*Not all positions can accommodate changes to working hours or locations. Reach out to your Recruitment Partner if you want to know more.Intern (Paid) (Fixed Term) (Trainee)Similar Jobs (16)Business Intelligence Summer Internship 2027locationsLondon - One Creechurch Placeposted onPosted 5 Days Agotime left to applyEnd Date: October 13, 2026 (22 days left to apply)Risk and Compliance Graduate Programme 2027locationsLondon - One Creechurch Placeposted onPosted 5 Days Agotime left to applyEnd Date: October 13, 2026 (22 days left to apply)Credit & Political Risk Graduate Programme 2027locationsLondon - One Creechurch Placeposted onPosted 5 Days Agotime left to applyEnd Date: October 13, 2026 (22 days left to apply)View All 16 JobsAbout UsHowden began in 1994, as just three people and a dog. Now there are 23,000 of us, and we're a leading global insurance group, managing $37bn of premiums for our clients.Our largest shareholder group is us – the people who work in the business – supported by three long-term, minority growth-equity partners who share our vision to build a business to last, one that will never be sold.The owner's mindset is something that's embedded in our culture; our people readily take ownership of their decisions, their actions, and their outputs. They’re invested in every sense. And we all know that by working together to drive the business forward, everyone will benefit from the extraordinary results we can achieve.Read MoreFollow UsHowden Group Privacy Policy© 2026 Workday, Inc. All rights reserved.