Street Signals Podcast | State Street We are sorry - we can’t find the page you are looking for. × The page you were looking for may no longer be available or may not be available in your country, language or to your investor type. Please use the website navigation or site search at the top of the page to find content similar to what you were looking for. Contact us Company websites Careers Newsroom Investors State Street Investment Management CRD Insights Solutions About Insights Solutions About Contact us Company websites Careers Newsroom Investors State Street Investment Management CRD Select a location Select a Country Select your role Select Role Global Privacy Notice Cookie Disclosure Insights Street Signals Podcast Street Signals is a weekly podcast packed with insights about the latest developments in financial markets from State Street Markets. Leveraging new tools, proprietary data and deep expertise, the Markets Research and Insights team delivers highly valued market analysis on a daily basis to the world’s leading institutional investors. Host Timothy Graf Head of Macro Strategy for EMEA, State Street Markets Tim’s research focuses on the dynamics of and trends in developed world economies, and the implications they have for global currency and interest rate markets. Incorporating the views built in this process with insights from the world of behavioral finance, he regularly consults with many of the world’s largest institutional investors. Latest episode All episodes Subscribe Listen to Street Signals on your preferred platform. Timely conversations on global finance — wherever you get your podcasts. Play on Apple Podcasts Listen on Spotify Research on the go Accelerate your information edge The State Street Markets® Insights app provides you with instant access to our indicators, podcasts, videos and publications. Learn more Related insights State Street PriceStats: Disinflation disrupted? US inflation accelerated in August, driven by higher energy costs and marking a pause in the recent disinflation trend. Read more Institutional Investor Indicators: August 2026 The State Street Risk Appetite Index rose to 0.36 in August from 0.18 in July, marking its third-strongest reading of 2026 and fifth consecutive positive month as institutional investors continued adding risk. Read more Private markets beyond the underperformance paradox: The changing drivers of value creation Recent private equity underperformance has challenged long-held assumptions about the asset class. Our analysis examines the changing economics of private market investing and the drivers of future value creation. Read more View all insights Stay updated Please send me State Street’s latest Insights. First Name Please enter correct first name Last Name Please enter correct last name Email Address Please enter correct email address Organization Please enter correct organization By checking this box, I consent to receive future research reports, publications, newsletters, event communications, announcements and other commercial electronic messages regarding products and services from State Street Corporation and its affiliates and subsidiaries (“State Street”). I also consent to the collection and use of my personal information shared on this form as outlined in State Street’s Marketing Disclosure Statement. I understand that my consent, above, does not apply to any communications from, or personal information I may share with, State Street Global Advisors. I understand that I can opt out of future communications at any time using the “Unsubscribe” feature available in all emails I receive from State Street. Sign up for updates Thank you for contacting State Street. This message confirms that we have received your message and have routed it to the appropriate business area. We will make every effort to respond to you as soon as possible. Confirm Thank you for contacting State Street. This message confirms that we have received your message and have routed it to the appropriate business area. We will make every effort to respond to you as soon as possible. Twitter LinkedIn YouTube SPDR Blog © [[]] %%State Street Corporation%%. All rights reserved.