Skip to main contentSign InCareers Home2027 Summer Analyst (Strategic Advisory & Restructuring) London page is loaded2027 Summer Analyst (Strategic Advisory & Restructuring) LondonApplylocationsLondontime typeFull timeposted onPosted 13 Days Agojob requisition idR0003510PJT Partners is a global advisory-focused investment bank. Our team of senior professionals delivers a wide array of strategic advisory, shareholder advisory, restructuring and special situations and private fund advisory and placement services to corporations, financial sponsors, institutional investors and governments around the world. We offer a unique portfolio of advisory services designed to help our clients achieve their strategic objectives. We also provide, through PJT Park Hill, private fund advisory and fundraising services for alternative investment managers, including private equity funds, real estate funds and hedge funds.From the beginning, PJT Partners has firmly believed that having the best people is key to building an enduring franchise. Our perspective was, and remains, that a great team brings in both top tier clients and appeals to a wide-range of diverse, talented colleagues. Fostering an inclusive culture, which welcomes differing perspectives and beliefs, enables us to provide the best advice and insights to our clients.To learn more about PJT Partners, please visit our website at www.pjtpartners.com. Programme Description: The Summer internship is a 10-week programme which begins with orientation & financial training before interns join their teams.Summer Analysts in London will have the opportunity to work across the Strategic Advisory Group and Restructuring & Special Situations Group:The Strategic Advisory Group consists of one of the most experienced investment banking teams in the industry, and has been involved in some of the largest, most complex transactions of the past twenty years. Our global team focuses on a diverse set of industries, including financial institutions, healthcare, industrials, energy, power & utilities, real estate, and technology, media & telecommunications. The Restructuring and Special Situations Group advises large companies, governments, and creditor groups in financially distressed situations. The group has been involved in most of the largest and most high-profile reorganizations that have occurred in the last decade. In a restructuring transaction, a wide range of strategic advisory services are provided, including advice on recapitalizations, reorganizations, corporate valuations, exchange offers, distressed mergers and acquisitions, and raising debt and equity capital.Responsibilities:Summer Analysts will work on a wide range of transactions including sellsides, acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, recapitalizations, private placements and leveraged buyouts. Summer Analysts are expected to be involved in the development, structuring and financing of transactions and will have the opportunity to attend internal and client meetings, negotiations and due diligence sessions. Summer Analyst work will include: Financial analysis and modelingDrafting of client presentationsPreparation of memoranda for internal and external useConducting financial and other business-related researchCoordinating complex and often time-sensitive processes Assistance in the execution of transactionsActive involvement in client facing situationsQualifications:PJT Partners seeks to hire individuals who are highly motivated, intelligent and have excellent academic, leadership and extracurricular records. In addition, qualified candidates will possess the following:Outstanding qualitative, technical and analytical skillsStrong verbal and written communication skillsAptitude to work collaboratively in a team environmentRobust organizational and time management skillsStrong work ethic and ability to work well under pressureBasic knowledge of accounting and corporate financeRequirements:To be considered for the 2027 Summer Analyst Programme, applicants must meet the following criteria:Currently enrolled as a full-time university student Anticipated graduation date: Winter 2027 – Summer 2028CV must include expected graduation month/year and gradesCV must be uploaded as in PDF format*Complete the PJT Partners “Suited” online surveyApplication Instructions:Complete the PJT Partners On-Line application for the “2026 Summer Analyst– Strategic Advisory & Restructuring (London)" position above.*Complete the PJT Partners “Suited” survey. Suited is an A.I. powered assessment driven screening tool that uses assessments to holistically and objectively measure traits and characteristics that can be better predictors of success at PJT. Please CLICK HERE to create an account, ensure you use the same email address as for your application to this job. Please complete each question through the end of the Suited survey. A “Profile Complete” badge will appear once complete - there is no final “Submit” button.Application Deadlines (by school regions):Sunday 20 September (France)Sunday 27 September (Nordics, DACH)Sunday 4 October (UK & Other)​Tuesday 6 October (Ireland)Sunday 11 October (Spain, Italy)PJT Partners’ success is predicated on recruiting, developing and retaining top-talent from a diverse range of backgrounds and experiences, fostering an inclusive culture that welcomes differing perspectives and beliefs and enables us to provide the best advice and insights to our clients. Accordingly, PJT is an equal opportunity employer: we do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin, religion or belief, sex, pregnancy, maternity, sexual orientation, age, disability, marital or civil partnership status, gender reassignment or any other category protected by law.PJT Partners also complies with all applicable laws with regard to providing reasonable accommodation of disabilities to applicants. For more information or to request an accommodation, please contact Human Resources.PJT Partners - StudentsInternship and full-time job openings are listed below by business. To register or apply to our upcoming events, insight programs and fellowships, please click here.Please note that job applications are not complete and will not be considered until you have completed the Suited Assessment. To complete Suited, click here to create an account and complete the PJT Partners Suited Assessment. Suited is an A.I. powered screening tool that holistically and objectively measures traits and characteristics that can be better predictors of success at PJT. Please ensure you use the same email address used for your PJT application when registering for Suited. Please complete each question through the end of the survey. A "Profile Complete" badge will appear once complete; there is no final "Submit" button. Only completed submissions will be considered.If you have any questions, please contact our campus recruiting team:US:CampusRecruitingUS@pjtpartners.comEMEA:CampusRecruitingEurope@pjtpartners.com Read More© 2026 Workday, Inc. All rights reserved.