Financing The Global Industrial Renaissance | Apollo Global Management General Public General Public Institutional Investors Public Shareholders Wealth Professionals Log In Investors Former Employees Portfolio Companies About Apollo Strategies Insights & News Investors Media About Apollo Learn about our firm, our purpose, our people and our offices around the world. Explore Our History Our People Sustainability & Our Impact Careers Contact Us Sustainability Overview Expanding Opportunity Reporting & Transparency The Apollo Opportunity Foundation Financing The Global Industrial Renaissance Apollo stands as a key financing partner for some of the most innovative sectors driving our future. The Only Constant is Change As markets change, Apollo transforms by creating innovative and differentiated strategies that are defining the future of finance. Strategies Discover what makes Apollo an innovative capital provider, future-focused asset manager and leader in wealth management and retirement solutions. Explore Asset Management Retirement Solutions Credit Equity Real Assets Financial Services Financing Solutions for Companies Credit Overview Asset-Backed Finance Corporate Credit Equity Overview Private Equity Hybrid Value Impact Investing Platform Secondaries (S3) Real Assets Overview Energy Transition Real Estate European Principal Finance (EPF) Infrastructure Financial Services Overview Origination Financial Services Solutions Private Investment-Grade Credit Explore how private credit can promote resiliency in financial systems, fuel business growth and power retirement income. Insights & News Discover Apollo’s latest perspectives, case studies, research and analysis shaping conversations about private markets. Explore Insights Press Releases In the News The Daily Spark Apollo Academy Inside Alts With Marc Rowan What if the assumptions we’ve always relied on in finance no longer hold true? New Heights for Air France-KLM How Apollo’s long-duration capital and aviation expertise helped one of the world’s leading airlines soar to new heights. Investors Explore resources designed to support private markets investors and public shareholders. Explore Public Private Athene, Retirement Services Apollo Global Management, Inc. (NYSE: APO) Athene (NYSE: ATH.PRA-D) Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance (NYSE: ARI) MidCap Financial Investment Corp. (NASDAQ: MFIC) Institutional Investors Wealth Professionals Watch the Replay of Investor Day Featuring senior leaders from across the business providing insight on the firm’s progress, long-term growth opportunities, strategy and financial outlook. General Public General Public Institutional Investors Public Shareholders Wealth Professionals Log In Investors Former Employees Portfolio Companies About Apollo Strategies Insights & News Investors Media Back About Apollo Learn about our firm, our purpose, our people and our offices around the world. Explore Our History Our People Sustainability & Our Impact Careers Contact Us Financing The Global Industrial Renaissance Apollo stands as a key financing partner for some of the most innovative sectors driving our future. The Only Constant is Change As markets change, Apollo transforms by creating innovative and differentiated strategies that are defining the future of finance. Back Strategies Discover what makes Apollo an innovative capital provider, future-focused asset manager and leader in wealth management and retirement solutions. Explore Asset Management Retirement Solutions Private Investment-Grade Credit Explore how private credit can promote resiliency in financial systems, fuel business growth and power retirement income. Back Insights & News Discover Apollo’s latest perspectives, case studies, research and analysis shaping conversations about private markets. Explore Insights Press Releases In the News The Daily Spark Apollo Academy Inside Alts With Marc Rowan What if the assumptions we’ve always relied on in finance no longer hold true? New Heights for Air France-KLM How Apollo’s long-duration capital and aviation expertise helped one of the world’s leading airlines soar to new heights. Back Investors Explore resources designed to support private markets investors and public shareholders. Explore Public Private Athene, Retirement Services Watch the Replay of Investor Day Featuring senior leaders from across the business providing insight on the firm’s progress, long-term growth opportunities, strategy and financial outlook. Back Media Back to About Apollo Our History Back to About Apollo Our People Back to About Apollo Sustainability & Our Impact Sustainability Overview Expanding Opportunity Reporting & Transparency The Apollo Opportunity Foundation Back to About Apollo Careers Back to About Apollo Contact Us Back to Strategies Asset Management Credit Equity Real Assets Financial Services Financing Solutions for Companies Back to Strategies Retirement Solutions Back to Insights & News Insights Back to Insights & News Press Releases Back to Insights & News In the News Back to Insights & News The Daily Spark Back to Insights & News Apollo Academy Back to Investors Public Apollo Global Management, Inc. (NYSE: APO) Athene (NYSE: ATH.PRA-D) Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance (NYSE: ARI) MidCap Financial Investment Corp. (NASDAQ: MFIC) Back to Investors Private Institutional Investors Wealth Professionals Back to Investors Athene, Retirement Services Back to Sustainability & Our Impact Sustainability Overview Back to Sustainability & Our Impact Expanding Opportunity Back to Sustainability & Our Impact Reporting & Transparency Back to Sustainability & Our Impact The Apollo Opportunity Foundation Back to Asset Management Credit Credit Overview Asset-Backed Finance Corporate Credit Back to Asset Management Equity Equity Overview Private Equity Hybrid Value Impact Investing Platform Secondaries (S3) Back to Asset Management Real Assets Real Assets Overview Energy Transition Real Estate European Principal Finance (EPF) Infrastructure Back to Asset Management Financial Services Financial Services Overview Origination Financial Services Solutions Back to Asset Management Financing Solutions for Companies Back to Public Apollo Global Management, Inc. (NYSE: APO) Back to Public Athene (NYSE: ATH.PRA-D) Back to Public Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance (NYSE: ARI) Back to Public MidCap Financial Investment Corp. (NASDAQ: MFIC) Back to Private Institutional Investors Back to Private Wealth Professionals Search Search SUGGESTED SEARCH TERMS Private Investment-Grade Credit Capital Solutions Athene Origination Infrastructure Sustainability Hybrid Equity Market Insight Retirement Podcast Secondaries Financing The Global Industrial Renaissance Financing The Global Industrial Renaissance Share Share Download PDF Change is the only constant, and impactful change demands bold investment. Apollo stands as a key financing partner for some of the most innovative sectors driving our future. With the unprecedented need for secular CapEx, today’s high-growth companies are looking beyond traditional funding sources. They’re turning to Apollo’s expansive capital base and flexible solutions to support the long duration capital demands of the new economy. Rising to Meet the Capital Needs of a Renaissance Each century has its story of economic evolution. The 20th century saw unprecedented growth, fueled by railroads, utilities, and the dawn of the automotive industry. At the time, insurance companies were the bedrock of capital, supporting vast infrastructure needs. A century later, we entered a period of great globalization in the markets, driven by deregulation and lower interest rates. This allowed banks and capital markets to play a critical role in funding expansion. Today, we sit on the precipice of a new era — a secular Global Industrial Renaissance. The capital demands of key industries like utilities, digital infrastructure and support for the energy transition are estimated to be between $75-100 trillion. But this time, it’s private capital — nimble, adaptive and forward-looking — that can meet this challenge. Unprecedented Need for Secular CapEx 1. TAMs reflect the views and opinions of Apollo Analysts based on expected aggregate investment/capex demands over the next 10 years. 2. Apollo Chief Economist. Represents the amount of highly leveraged debt maturing in the next five years. 3. 2024 Bain Global Private Equity Report. Represents unrealized buyout value as of December 31, 2023. A Partner of Choice for the New Economy Apollo aims to be a partner of choice for investment-grade companies seeking more than just capital. Our strengths—long-term, flexible capital, deep client relationships, and solutions-oriented mindset—allow us to address complex, large-scale financing needs that public markets alone cannot address. Item 1 Learn more about Apollo's Strategies Private Investment-Grade Credit Private credit can help to finance business growth and innovation, support household prosperity and fuel the real economy. Learn More Our collaborative approach with leading global corporations like Intel , Wolfspeed, Western Digital and New Fortress Energy, reflects our commitment and deep expertise. "It's clear there is an outsized demand for long-term, patient capital, and we believe Apollo is at the forefront of meeting that demand." Jim Zelter, President of Apollo Global Management The bold ideas of tomorrow demand financing like no other. We’re more than capital providers—we’re architects of the future, helping lay the foundation for a Global Industrial Renaissance. To speak to Apollo about financing solutions for your business, reach out to CorporateSolutions@Apollo.com . Item 1 Learn more about Apollo's Strategies Financing Solutions for Companies Apollo is a solutions provider, delivering flexible capital at scale to leading companies around the world. As a principal investor, we provide long-term, aligned capital that helps businesses grow, invest and operate in the real economy. Learn More How Apollo is Financing the Global Industrial Renaissance Summary Transcript Summary Summary Transcript Watch the video to listen to senior executives at Apollo discuss the secular mega-trends including the clean energy transition, power and utilities, data centers, semiconductors and more. Jim Zelter, President, Apollo Global Management: We are constantly a firm and a group of individuals that’s looking around the corner and saying, not just what is going on today, but what are the dynamics and what are the drivers. Joseph Jackson, Partner, Credit: Technology is obviously innovating constantly. But the thing that gives Apollo an opportunity to be a large investor is the capital demands of the innovation that's going on. Christopher Edson, Partner, Global Head of Origination: For different types of solutions, it could be hundreds of billions of dollars needed for the expansion of our technology infrastructure, for the expansion of our energy transition infrastructure. Carey Lathrop, CEO, ATLAS SP Partners: The capital needs in certain industries, be it data centers, semiconductors, energy, clean transition are going to be immense. Jim Zelter: Arguably, you could say the number is almost 100 trillion dollars. All these activities, we would tie together as a global industrial renaissance. Jamshid Ehsani, Partner, Head of Global Principal Structured Finance: We could be a long-term partner providing a quantum of capital that makes a difference. Natalia Tsitoura, Partner, Capital Solutions: Our interests are very much aligned with…the company that actually wants to continue to grow over time so we can continue to partner with them in order to provide further capital to support their growth. Christopher Edson: These projects can be ten-plus billion dollars each. And the scale of that is almost too big for the traditional sources of financing to meet. And so having very large-scale providers help provide this directly is really solving these needs. Olivia Wassenaar, Partner, Head of Sustainability & Infrastructure: There is so much Apollo can do to partner with companies and communities to really help finance this energy transition. It's a journey. It's not going to happen overnight. We want to work with companies to get to where they want to be. Carey Lathrop: One of the things that is really differentiating is our ability to speak for size, do it with speed, and do it with certainty. Jim Zelter : You have to be excited about the future when we think about companies that we are trying to finance and help match their aspirations and visions for the future. Spotlight The AI boom isn’t coming. It’s here. Learn More Learn More Tags Building & Financing Businesses Video Apollo Updates Case Studies Intel: Scale, Flexibility and Partnership in Action Apollo provided a scaled, flexible capital solution at a pivotal moment for Intel, a leading semiconductor manufacturer, providing financial flexibility and a results-driven partnership. 2:25 Air France-KLM: Soaring To New Heights Air France-KLM, one of the world’s preeminent airline groups, leveraged Apollo’s bespoke financing solutions during the COVID pandemic to strengthen its balance sheet, preserve its strategic flexibility and position the global business for long-term success. 1:18 AB InBev: Innovative Capital Solutions Apollo’s credit business is uniquely positioned to provide companies like AB InBev with the long-term, creative capital solutions they need to grow. Apollo Updates December 02, 2024 Explore Our Strategies Financing Solutions for Companies Origination Asset-Backed Finance Credit Apollo Capital Solutions (ACS) Social Explore Apollo About Us Strategies Sustainability & Our Impact Insights & News Careers Media More Information Athene Apollo Academy Investor Relations (NYSE: APO) Contact Us Governance Terms of Use Privacy Policy Web Fraud & Phishing Disclosures Disclaimer Forward-Looking Statements Form CRS Cookies © Apollo Global Management, Inc. 2026 All Rights Reserved.