Graduate Advisory and Consulting | PwC UK Careers Skip to content Skip to footer Early careers Experienced careers Flexible or contractor careers Working at PwC Our people, their stories. More Search Menu Early careers Early careers Applying and FAQs Employability hub Entry level Graduate Our events Our job search Training and development Undergraduate Menu Early careers Applying and FAQs Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessment and selection process Do you need immigration authorisation to work in the UK? FAQs The behaviours we look for Menu Early careers Employability hub Menu Early careers Entry level Entry level programmes Flying Start degree programmes New World. New Skills. Virtual Insight Programme Menu Early careers Graduate Advisory and Consulting Audit, Accounting, Tax and Finance Legal Services Strategy Technology and AI Menu Early careers Our events Virtual Classroom Menu Early careers Our job search Menu Early careers Training and development Menu Early careers Undergraduate Diversity Programmes Legal Summer Vacation Scheme Summer Internship Undergraduate Work Placement Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Experienced careers Experienced careers Application support Careers toolkit Partner recruitment Search all jobs Menu Experienced careers Application support Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessments - what to expect Our application experience PwC sponsorship and working permits Recruitment agencies The behaviours we look for Menu Experienced careers Careers toolkit Menu Experienced careers Partner recruitment Menu Experienced careers Search all jobs Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Flexible careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible careers Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Working at PwC Working at PwC Career development Discover our UK offices Inclusion Our business areas Our people. Their stories Reward and benefits Wellbeing at PwC Menu Working at PwC Career development Menu Working at PwC Discover our UK offices Menu Working at PwC Inclusion Menu Working at PwC Our business areas Actuarial Audit Business Solutions Consulting Deals Legal Operate Tax Technology Menu Working at PwC Our people. Their stories Menu Working at PwC Reward and benefits Menu Working at PwC Wellbeing at PwC Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Our people, their stories. Our people, their stories. Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Loading Results No Match Found View All Results Advisory and Consulting Graduate job Help organisations to think ahead ​and deliver on their goals. You will help organisations to transform as a consultant or deals advisor These are right for you if you're a creative problem solver and enjoy storytelling through data and insight Start date September 2027 Location Across the UK Is Advisory and Consulting right for you? These programmes could be right for you if: You are endlessly curious. You solve problems in a creative way. You enjoy using data and insight to tell compelling stories. What is Advisory and Consulting? If you start your career in Advisory and Consulting, you’ll develop the skills and experience to transform some of the world’s highest profile organisations and support their most complex deals. From new markets to new technology, from acquisitions to carveouts and post-merger integrations, from management to macroeconomics, and from people policies to sustainability strategies, PwC’s Advisory and Consulting teams help organisations to solve their most challenging problems, unlock value and deliver growth. Everything we do is focused on delivering real-world results, maximum value, and long-term competitive advantage. Our clients have access to more data than ever before. But it is often hard to uncover the real story behind the information. We combine our deep industry knowledge, business understanding and cutting-edge technology to deliver insights and create clarity, enabling our clients to navigate complexity, embrace change and unlock value. You’ll help public, private equity, private sector clients and intermediaries rethink the way they do things, improving performance, increasing resilience, driving innovation, promoting agility and unlocking potential through transactions. What you'll do Solve complex business problems Most of our assignments are defined projects or transactions with clear goals. Whatever the issue, you'll bring insight, creativity and strategic thinking to our clients, helping them tackle their challenges and unlock opportunity. Work in a multidisciplinary team Our work usually involves collaborating with multi-disciplinary teams across PwC and client organisations. While you might have a particular expertise, you need to understand how everything connects to build sustainable solutions. You’ll gain a real breadth of experience and insight across the varied projects and deals you work on. Enable transformation and change Helping clients plan for the future and thrive in a rapidly changing world is thrilling. Our work involves supporting them to make deals and transform. Whether you are advising them on the change or delivering it, it’s a huge responsibility. That’s why every solution you identify will be supported by robust data and analysis. Our graduate programmes require you to have passed or be on track to pass your degree. Right to work in the UK Any employment offer made by PwC is dependent on you obtaining and maintaining the right to work and reside legally in the UK. Immigration authorisation Entry requirements and eligibility Our graduate programmes require you to have passed or be on track to pass your degree. We work in a hybrid way, combining the flexibility of remote working with the benefits of in-person collaboration. You'll spend a minimum of three days each week in the office or on client site, where you'll work closely with colleagues and clients and gain practical experience from day one. Office and client-site expectations You'll spend a minimum of three days each week in the office or on client site. A career at PwC means embarking on a transformative learning and development journey. Our structured learning pathways will help you to build the critical technical and human skills you need to perform your role and depending on your area of specialism, you may pursue a professional qualification. And many of our training programmes are run firmwide, helping you to grow your network across different areas of the business. Your Talent Coach, alongside your team, will support you throughout your learning journey. Within Deals there are some roles where you’ll complete a professional qualification. When you apply, you can express your preference for studying for a qualification as part of your role. Training and development at PwC Learning and professional development A career at PwC means embarking on a transformative learning and development journey. Our benefits offering is an important part of your total reward package which is focused around five core areas: health and wellbeing; financial; lifestyle; protection against the unexpected and recognising you. Reward and benefits at PwC Reward and benefits Our benefits offering is an important part of your total reward package. < Back < Back [+] Read More Advisory and Consulting business areas If you have a particular preference on business area or location, you'll have the opportunity to express this during the application process. Please note, preferences are considered but not guaranteed. You may not have a preference at this stage, and that's okay too. As you go through the recruitment process, you’ll have the opportunity to learn more about the roles we have available in the business category you’ve applied to. After you’ve successfully completed your assessment centre, you’ll be matched to a role that aligns with your interests and ambitions. Deals Management Consulting Sustainability Technology Consulting Workforce Consulting In Deals, you’ll provide strategic advice and support to clients in areas such as mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, and restructuring. We help clients maximise the value they gain from their most complex and significant transactions. If you join us as in Deals, you could complete the ACA or CFA professional qualification. Associate Chartered Accountant (ACA) You'll study towards the Institute of Chartered Accountants of England and Wales (ICAEW) ACA qualification during your first three years with the firm. You'll be working to obtain an incredibly prestigious qualification that is recognised globally and that you'll have for the rest of your life. It's not designed to be easy - it needs dedication and commitment, including studying in your own time, to succeed. But there are few other qualifications that open the doors to business leadership careers as the ACA accounting qualification. You can learn more about the syllabus and structure on the ICAEW website . The pathway that you follow will depend on the Business Unit that you join but, in all cases, you'll sit your first set of exams within just a few months of joining us. You'll have a network of support around you including expert tuition from our external provider, Kaplan, a dedicated Professional Qualification team to manage your pathway planning and your Career Coach. You'll be studying alongside many others in the same position and will create bonds for life. Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) The CFA is a prestigious qualification for finance and investment careers. At PwC, gaining your CFA means mastering investment analysis, portfolio management and ethics. This globally respected qualification opens doors to high-profile roles in the financial sector. Our training programme ensures you have the support you need to excel, offering a blend of technical skills and practical application. In Management Consulting, we use our understanding of how business works and how technology can create competitive advantage to help clients deliver profitable growth. That might mean helping businesses understand, and create better experiences for, their customers and employees. It might mean optimising financial management, driving operational efficiency, advising on workforce effectiveness or bringing together a range of interrelated projects to deliver broad strategic outcomes. Throughout, you’ll learn how to provide business leaders with the data and insight they need to make smarter decisions. And you’ll develop strategies and solutions that streamline processes, improve productivity and drive business performance. In Sustainability, you’ll provide guidance and support to organisations facing the greatest challenge of our age. Our Sustainability teams integrate environmental, social, economic, and governance considerations into business strategies and operations, managing sustainability risks, ensuring accurate reporting and identifying opportunities to drive positive social and environmental impact. In order to be eligible to apply for our roles in sustainability you will have need to have studied sustainability at university; either evidenced through related modules or a sustainability degree. In Technology Consulting, you’ll use your deep understanding of the world of technology to help clients to select, implement and support the business application software they use to run their business, do their work and communicate with each other. Often as part of a broader business transformation, or perhaps in the context of a Mergers and Acquisitions transaction or restructuring event. Assessing legacy systems and analysing client needs, you’ll seamlessly integrate software solutions that help organisations meet their strategic goals, while providing the training and support their people need to get more out of innovative new tools and applications. In Workforce Consulting, you'll help leading UK and international employers maximise and future-proof their biggest asset - their people. Providing big picture advice on human resources, learning and development, talent management, and organisational development, you might be defining people strategies, advising on workforce effectiveness, guiding senior executives on global personal tax obligations, implementing cutting-edge HR technology, or helping clients navigate complex people & culture issues on an M&A deal. Or you could be working with clients to unlock their people potential by fostering a culture of continuous learning and professional growth. You'll work across various sectors, learning about employment tax risk, cost reduction, and employer social responsibility. Our assessment and selection process Apply online The first thing you'll need to do is complete your online application carefully, following all the instructions. Online assessment A series of online assessments that measure your cognitive skills, behaviours, natural preferences and reasoning abilities. Video interview The next stage of our assessment process is an on-demand video interview. The questions will focus on how you typically approach your work, for example at school, university or any prior work experience you may have. Assessment centre The penultimate stage of our recruitment process is a virtual immersive assessment centre. Finding you the right role Based on your performance throughout the assessment stages, and the preferences you indicated to us at the start of the application process we’ll match you to your business area and office. Business assessment The final stage of our recruitment process is an interview with a senior leader from the business area that you have been matched to. Learn more about our assessment and selection process Assessment and selection process Employability Hub Start your career in Advisory and Consulting Apply to one of our roles Apply Frequently asked questions Do I need a specific degree to apply for Advisory and Consulting? We welcome applications from students of all degree disciplines. Some specialist areas, such as Sustainability Consulting, have specific module requirements which are highlighted in the business area section on this page. Will I complete a professional qualification? Within this business category some of our roles require studying towards a professional qualification. You can find this information within the business areas section of this page. It will also be highlighted in the job description and additional information about what to expect from the qualification will be provided throughout the assessment process. Please make you read and understand this information before applying. Can I choose my preferred business area or location? You can indicate preferences during the application process. These are considered but cannot be guaranteed. Do I need the right to work in the UK to apply? Any employment offer made by PwC is dependent on you obtaining and maintaining the right to work and reside legally in the UK. Follow PwC UK Careers Working at PwC Inclusion Reward and benefits Discover our UK offices Our People. Their Stories. Talent Community Alumni Our Business Actuarial Audit Consulting Deals Business Solutions Legal Operate Risk Tax Technology Early Careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Event search Job search Employability hub Training and development Applying and FAQs Experienced Careers Our job search Careers toolkit Applying Partner Recruitment Flexible and contractor Our job search Flexible careers Contractor careers Join our Talent Community Your account © 2020 - 2026 PwC. All rights reserved. PwC refers to the PwC network and/or one or more of its member firms, each of which is a separate legal entity. Please see www.pwc.com/structure for further details. Privacy Statement Cookies info Legal Disclaimer About Site Provider Provision of Services Diversity Web Accessibility