Job Application for Senior Financial Reporting Analyst at Monzo Back to jobs Senior Financial Reporting Analyst London Apply 🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ 📍 London/Distrubuted across the UK | 💰£56,000 - £75,000 (depending on experience) ➕ Incentive Awards tied to your performance | Benefits | Hear from the team ✨ ⭐ Our Finance team We're looking for a highly proactive, enthusiastic and commercially-minded Financial Reporting Senior Analyst to join our Financial Reporting team, and help us build a world-class finance function. We have some really exciting challenges coming up, like expanding into the European Union, introducing Monzo Mobile and Habito to our group, climate change reporting, continuing to grow our customer base, expanding our lending business, and adding to our marketplace. You’ll work on scaling Monzo in a controlled way while helping us optimize our financial reporting processes with the help of technology. You’ll join the Finance team and report to our Financial Reporting Manager. 🔑 You’ll play a key role by... Supporting the full year end process, from drafting the annual report to working with external auditors until final sign-off. Supporting tight processes with our internal finance team to ensure a swift month-end close process. Understanding the business and our products to write insightful management commentary. Working with our engineers and data teams to automate the production elements of the role, allowing you to focus on the parts of the role where your knowledge and skills provide the most value. Understanding our accounting system and making sure we are taking advantage of all its features to minimise manual elements of reporting. Being responsible for ensuring our financial reporting policies, procedures and controls are up to date, relevant and useful for Monzo and importantly are scalable. Reviewing new products and the impact of new contracts, assessing the accounting and implementing them in our banking platform and accounting system. Working with the business to assess the impact of changes in accounting standards and make proposals on accounting policy matters for new products launched. Maintaining existing and developing new controls that protect our financial data and our balance sheet substantiation process. Supporting the production of ESG sustainability reporting and disclosures. Preparing monthly management and ad hoc reports, offering meaningful analysis of movements. Resolving miscellaneous inquiries and supporting the overall finance team wherever needed - from forecasting and valuations, to bank transfers and tax policy research! 🤩 We’d love to hear from you if… You’re a qualified chartered accountant (ACA or CA) and ideally have audit experience combined with some financial reporting and control experience outside of practice. You’re fascinated by the banking and regulatory landscape, and have a good understanding of key financial controls. You’re a self-starter and enjoy tackling what needs doing, whether it’s making a bank transfer or pulling together reports for investors. You’re comfortable translating complex information into simple words for people with diverse backgrounds. You’re comfortable with leveraging data to automate reporting and drive efficiency (SQL skills would be a bonus). You thrive in a dynamic and constantly evolving environment. Nice to have: Experience in a listed company or financial services regulated environment. Strong business partnering/commercial financial acumen. ESG reporting/audit of sustainability information (carbon footprint, CFD/CSRD). Not ticking every box? That’s totally okay! Studies show that women and people of colour might hesitate to apply unless they meet every single requirement. At Monzo, we’re dedicated to creating a diverse and welcoming team. If you’re passionate about this role and keen to learn and grow with us, we encourage you to apply— even if you don’t have everything that's listed just yet. Drop us your application, we’d love to hear from you! 🙌 What’s in it for you 💰£56,000 - £75,000 (depending on experience) ➕ Incentive Awards tied to your performance. 📍This role is based in our London office and we aim to come in as a team twice a week. We're open to distributed working within the UK (with ad hoc meetings in London) if required. ⏰We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team. 📚£1,000 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences. 🏡We will set you up to work from home; all employees are given Macbooks and for fully remote workers we will provide extra support for your work-from-home setup. ➕ Plus lots more! Read our full list of benefits . 🌈 The application journey has 4 key steps Recruiter Screening Conversation Initial Hiring Manager Interview (30 Minutes) Role Specific Interview (60 Minutes) Behavioural Interview (45 Minutes) This process should take around 3-4 weeks - your schedule is really important to us, so we promise to be as flexible as possible! We’ll only close this role once we have enough applications for the next stage. Please submit your application as soon as possible to make sure you don’t miss out. We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo. You can read them here. Equal opportunities for everyone Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our blog , 2026 Diversity and Inclusion Report and 2025 Gender Pay Gap Report. We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status. If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊 Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf 🇺🇸 Are you a US Person? * Select... A US Person is defined as someone who: was born in the United States (US) has at least 1 parent who was born in the US is a naturalised citizen of the US is a green card holder is a US tax resident 🔐 Keeping your data safe is really important to us. Please take a look at our Candidate Data Privacy Notice (linked below) and confirm that you have. * Select... 🔗 Candidate Data Privacy Notice . If you’d like to, please share your preferred pronouns (eg. they/them/theirs, she/her/hers). If you'd like to, please spell out your name how it's pronounced so we know how to say it. 🛂 Please confirm your Right to Work status in the location where this job is advertised. * Select... We legally have to verify that you have the right to work in the location where you'd be working from. Your answer to this question won't affect the outcome of your application, unless you'd need visa sponsorship but are applying to a role we don't sponsor. Please share a little more detail surrounding your qualification, along with length of post qual experience. * Please share some information surrounding your involvement in year-end reporting, statutory accounts and working with external audits. * 👤 Identity survey Our goal at Monzo is to make money work for everyone. To do that, working at Monzo must work for everyone. We want to create an equitable, engaged and innovative workplace which gives people from all backgrounds the support they need to thrive and grow. Making Monzo work for everyone starts right at the beginning of every Monzonaut's journey: when they apply to work here. This demographic survey will help us better understand the people who apply to work at Monzo. It'll help us see how different groups progress through our hiring process, and where we need to make improvements to be more inclusive. If you choose to fill it out, all of the information you give us is: Voluntary . And we've included a "prefer not to say" option for every question. It'd be helpful if you still fill out the survey even if you choose "prefer not to say" for every question, as it's useful for us to understand & record this. We won't know if you choose to fill this survey in or not. Anonymous to Monzo . We can't tie your responses to you and they won't make a difference to the outcome of your application. We'll only use grouped responses for equal opportunities monitoring in our hiring process. For more information on how we'll use this data, please read our candidate privacy notice . By filling out this survey, you agree that we can use your responses for the purposes we've mentioned above. You are not letting us know if we need to make any adjustments to the hiring process because of disability or neurodiversity - to do this please email us. How would you describe your gender identity? Select... Do you identify as transgender? Select... What's your sexual orientation? Select... Do you identify as having a disability? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodivergent? Select... How would your describe your ethnicity? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse