Wellbeing | PwC UK Careers Skip to content Skip to footer Early careers Experienced careers Flexible or contractor careers Working at PwC Our people, their stories. More Search Menu Early careers Early careers Applying and FAQs Employability hub Entry level Graduate Our events Our job search Training and development Undergraduate Menu Early careers Applying and FAQs Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessment and selection process Do you need immigration authorisation to work in the UK? FAQs The behaviours we look for Menu Early careers Employability hub Menu Early careers Entry level Entry level programmes Flying Start degree programmes New World. New Skills. Virtual Insight Programme Menu Early careers Graduate Advisory and Consulting Audit, Accounting, Tax and Finance Legal Services Strategy Technology and AI Menu Early careers Our events Virtual Classroom Menu Early careers Our job search Menu Early careers Training and development Menu Early careers Undergraduate Diversity Programmes Legal Summer Vacation Scheme Summer Internship Undergraduate Work Placement Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Experienced careers Experienced careers Application support Careers toolkit Partner recruitment Search all jobs Menu Experienced careers Application support Adjustments to the recruitment process Assessments - what to expect Our application experience PwC sponsorship and working permits Recruitment agencies The behaviours we look for Menu Experienced careers Careers toolkit Menu Experienced careers Partner recruitment Menu Experienced careers Search all jobs Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Flexible careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Contractor careers Menu Flexible or contractor careers Flexible careers Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Working at PwC Working at PwC Career development Discover our UK offices Inclusion Our business areas Our people. Their stories Reward and benefits Wellbeing at PwC Menu Working at PwC Career development Menu Working at PwC Discover our UK offices Menu Working at PwC Inclusion Menu Working at PwC Our business areas Actuarial Audit Business Solutions Consulting Deals Legal Operate Tax Technology Menu Working at PwC Our people. Their stories Menu Working at PwC Reward and benefits Menu Working at PwC Wellbeing at PwC Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Menu Our people, their stories. Our people, their stories. Featured Sign up for our Talent Community Loading Results No Match Found View All Results Working at PwC Reward and benefits Our UK offices Career development Inclusion Wellbeing More Working at PwC Reward and benefits Our UK offices Career development Inclusion Wellbeing Wellbeing at PwC At PwC, we’re committed to creating an environment that enables our people to prioritise their wellbeing, and support others to do the same. We do this through our workplace wellbeing programme, Be Well Work Well. Our people are at the heart of who we are and what we do. We’re dedicated to creating a culture where you can be yourself and actively take care of your health and wellbeing. Care is embedded in the foundation of our values, which is why we’re deeply invested in empowering our people to strike the right balance between their professional and personal commitments, equipping them with the necessary resources and support to achieve this. Resources Benefits Training Networks Empowered Flexibility Resources Through Be Well Work Well, we provide our people with resources to support them to stay fit and healthy. This includes access to our community of over 600 Mental Health First Aiders and a broad Be Well Work Well site, which is the hub of everything available to our people, underpinned by a holistic, whole person approach to health and wellbeing through six dimensions of energy; physical, mental, emotional, social, financial and spiritual. Benefits As part of our benefits offering, we provide our people with private medical care, including a 24/7 virtual GP service, professional independent counseling and access to a 24/7 Employee Assistance Programme (EAP) support service. Wider benefits include free eye tests; guidance and support for fertility, menopause and new babies, and in-office flu vaccinations. Training We train our Mental Health Advocates (these are people at Partner and Director level who act as allies and advocates for mental health awareness), Mental Health First Aiders, Wellbeing Champions and Career and Talent Coaches to feel confident providing one-to-one support. Networks Alongside our People Function and our professional qualification support teams, we have fourteen People Networks at PwC that you can access for community, help and advice – these include faith-based groups, DAWN (Disability Awareness Network), SHINE, our LGBTQ+ network, SPACE, our parents and carers network and a Veterans group. The aim of the networks is to provide a sense of belonging, community and connection. Empowered Flexibility We encourage all our people to make the most of Empowered Flexibility, and adopt a pattern that suits their clients, team and lifestyle. We also offer flexible working contracts where a traditional working pattern isn’t suitable, and support is there for those who might be returning to work after a period of absence, or for those working towards a professional qualification. Join our Talent Community Sign up today From entry level to experienced professionals Search jobs Follow PwC UK Careers Working at PwC Inclusion Reward and benefits Discover our UK offices Our People. Their Stories. Talent Community Alumni Our Business Actuarial Audit Consulting Deals Business Solutions Legal Operate Risk Tax Technology Early Careers Entry level Undergraduate Graduate Event search Job search Employability hub Training and development Applying and FAQs Experienced Careers Our job search Careers toolkit Applying Partner Recruitment Flexible and contractor Our job search Flexible careers Contractor careers Join our Talent Community Your account © 2020 - 2026 PwC. All rights reserved. PwC refers to the PwC network and/or one or more of its member firms, each of which is a separate legal entity. Please see www.pwc.com/structure for further details. Privacy Statement Cookies info Legal Disclaimer About Site Provider Provision of Services Diversity Web Accessibility