Insights - Oxera Skip to content Skip to main content Toggle Toggle Search Submit X People Insights Expand Children Agenda Reports Courses Events Expertise Expand Children Analytics and Data Science Antitrust Antitrust Damages Artificial Intelligence (AI) Behavioural Economics Collective and Class Actions Commercial Litigation and International Arbitration Finance and Valuation Governance Infrastructure Intellectual Property Market Investigations Mergers Performance, Productivity and Efficiency Public Policy and Impact Assessment Regulation State Aid and Subsidy Control Strategy Sustainability and Climate Change Transaction Advice Sectors Expand Children Digital Energy Financial Services Pharmaceuticals and Life Sciences Retail and Consumer Postal and Logistics Telecoms, Media and Technology Transport Water Careers Expand Children Current vacancies Early Careers Locations Expand Children Belgium France Germany Italy Netherlands Spain United Kingdom About us Expand Children Celebrating 40 years Climate Commitment Diversity and Inclusion Media Centre Oxera Economics Council Home Insights In this section Agenda Reports Courses Events Latest Insights 09 September 2026 Articles 9 minute read Valuing the right to operate: an economic perspective on concession disputes What is the value of the right to operate a regulated asset for a finite period of time? And how should that value account for the power of the state or the regulator to alter its terms? These are questions that often sits at the heart of disputes involving… Read More 21 August 2026 Podcasts < 1 minute read Bridging the water investment gap: how can investment be secured? This latest episode of Top of the Agenda, recorded in front of a live audience at Oxera’s new London office, explores how the investment needed to meet global commitments to safe water and sanitation can be encouraged and secured. The United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goal 6 (SDG 6)… Read More 21 August 2026 Reports Estimating the cost of capital: recommendations for UKRN regulatory guidance Estimating the allowed return on regulatory capital is related to, but distinct from the cost of capital, as it reflects policy decisions overlaid on a technical assessment of the weighted average cost of capital (WACC). Our report is commissioned by Anglian Water Services Ltd, Heathrow Airport Holdings Ltd,… Read More Coming up 04 Nov 2026 Courses Using economics in competition cases For more than 20 years, our training course has helped participants gain the confidence to judge and rely on economic arguments and evidence put forward in competition cases. You will come away with new skills that enable you to develop professionally and help your organisation to achieve… Read More Contact us Based in: Belgium France Germany Italy Netherlands Spain United Kingdom [email protected] +44 (0) 20 7776 6600 Privacy Policy Cookies Terms of business Terms of use Terms of engagement Modern slavery and human trafficking statement Oxera Consulting LLP is a limited liability partnership registered in England and Wales No. OC392464 Registered office: Park Central, 40/41 Park End Street, Oxford, OX1 1JD, UK