emobility | EY - UK EY Logo Insights AI Insights Finance Geostrategy People and workforce Risk Sustainability Technology Transformation Services Strategy by EY-Parthenon Strategy Consulting Services Corporate Strategy Geopolitical Strategy Commercial Strategy Working Capital Turnaround and Restructuring Consulting Sustainability Strategy AI Strategy Services Industry Strategy Transactions and Corporate Finance by EY-Parthenon M&A Advisory M&A Integration M&A AI-powered Technology Divestment Strategy Corporate Finance Valuation, Modeling & Economics Due Diligence Services Infrastructure Advisory Transaction Tax Consulting Customer & Growth by EY Studio+ Cyber Incident Resilience and Response Solution Data and decision intelligence CRO (Risk) Supply chain and operations Technology leaders’ agenda Transformation EQ Transformation Platforms People and workforce Change management and experience HR Transformation Services People Mobility Solution Learning and development consulting services Recognition and reward advisory Workforce analytics Assurance Services Technology Risk Audit Climate change and sustainability services Financial accounting advisory services Forensic and Integrity Services The EY private client audit experience Long-term value metrics creation IFRS Tax Tax planning Tax function operations Tax policy and controversy Global trade Global tax reform Tax compliance Transaction Tax Tax services: Designed for private Law Corporate and commercial law Digital law Labor and employment law Legal operations Transaction law Technology Technology Managed Services ey.ai The Reimagination Engine EY Audit Technology Tax technology M&A AI-powered Technology Technology transformation Alliances Blockchain EY Managed Services Cybersecurity Managed Services Financial Accounting and Expanded Corporate Reporting Managed Services Legal Managed Services Risk Managed Services Supply Chain and Operations Managed Services Sustainability managed services Tax Managed Services Technology Managed Services EY Private EY Private client experience EY private client audit experience service offerings Tax services: Designed for private Family enterprise IPO Entrepreneurship EY Sustainability Sustainability Strategy Climate change and sustainability services Sustainable finance Supply Chain Transformation Sustainability tax services Legal services Global renewables Climate and decarbonization Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) Services Industries Consumer & Health Consumer Products Health Life Sciences Retail Financial Services Banking & Capital Markets Insurance Wealth & Asset Management Sustainability in Financial Services Fintech and ecosystems Government & Infrastructure Government & Public Sector Infrastructure Education Human services Public finance management Industrials & Energy Aerospace, Defense & Mobility Industrial Products Mining & Metals Oil & Gas and Chemicals Power & Utilities Future mobility Mobility lens suite Transportation Private Equity Digital in private equity Exit readiness PE deal origination Private Equity Portfolio Company Value Creation Services Generative AI services for private equity Technology, Media & Entertainment, Telecommunications Technology, Media & Entertainment, Telecommunications Telecommunications Technology sector As-a-service business operations and transformation TMT business resiliency suite Future network now Capital operations and innovation suite (COInS) Careers What you can do here Technology careers at EY Assurance careers at EY Careers in Consulting Tax careers at EY Careers in People Advisory Services Careers in Financial Services Careers in Core Business Services Careers in EY-Parthenon What it's like to work here Belonging at EY Personalised career development Rewards and benefits How to join us How to join us Early Careers Adjustments Job search Experienced professionals Early Careers Our locations About us Our purpose Our values Our people EY UK 2025 Impact Report Alumni Newsroom EY Network Locations Connect with us Insights Read more Read less Asking the better questions that unlock new answers to the working world's most complex issues. Read more Read less Explore Trending topics Read more Read less See more Read more Read less See more Read more Read less Spotlight Read more Read less AI insights Sustainability in business Economics EY Center of Board Matters CEO agenda Technology leaders' agenda EY Case studies EY webcasts See more Read more Read less Services Read more Read less EY helps clients create long-term value for all stakeholders. Enabled by data and technology, our services and solutions provide trust through assurance and help clients transform, grow and operate. Read more Read less Explore See more Read more Read less Spotlight Read more Read less ey.ai The Reimagination Engine Strategy, transaction and transformation consulting Technology transformation Tax function operations Climate change and sustainability services EY Ecosystems EY Nexus: business transformation platform Read more Read less Industries Read more Read less Discover how EY insights and services are helping to reframe the future of your industry. Read more Read less Explore See more Read more Read less Case studies Read more Read less Corporate Responsibility How TRANSFORM is helping impact entrepreneurs scale 10 Apr 2026 EY Global Alliances How humanoid robotics are strengthening complex industrial work 16 Mar 2026 EY Global Alliances How IntraBio's finance transformation fueled its global expansion 14 May 2025 EY Global See all Read more Read less Careers Read more Read less We bring together extraordinary people, like you, to build a better working world. Read more Read less Explore See more Read more Read less Spotlight Read more Read less Experienced careers Early careers Technology careers Belonging at EY Read more Read less About us Read more Read less At EY, our purpose is building a better working world. The insights and services we provide help to create long-term value for clients, people and society, and to build trust in the capital markets. Read more Read less Explore See more Read more Read less Top news Read more Read less Search search Search for insights, services and people... close search See all results for ' ' No results have been found Topics See All General See All People See All Recent Searches Trending When the world shifts overnight, can you operate at the speed of trust? Risk operating models must become strategy-first, trigger-based and governance-forward. Learn how Risk Strategists are leading the way. 05 Mar 2026 Corporate culture How data readiness can enhance private equity exit value Data readiness is now critical to exit value, speed and confidence. Discover why it matters and how to be proactive. 05 Mar 2026 Private Equity How telcos can transform their B2B growth outlook A changing geopolitical environment coupled with rising security needs offer ICT providers new opportunities to reinvigorate their B2B growth. 24 Feb 2026 Telecommunications My EY My EY Select your location Local sites eMobility Electrification in mobility is gathering pace, demanding the reinvention of strategies, operating models and supply chains. Government policy, shareholder activism and consumer demand, fueled by the climate crisis, are accelerating the shift from mobility to eMobility – driving forward one of the most radical transformations since the introduction of the internal combustion engine. As infrastructure is electrified and supply chains are reimagined, the challenges are too big for one sector to solve alone. Only through collaboration can organizations thrive in the emerging eMobility ecosystem, win customers, and drive returns while advancing sustainability in transport. We believe that organizations must define their role in the emerging eMobility ecosystem, maintain a total focus on the customer experience and partner intelligently across the value chain to access greater opportunities for growth. EY teams can help you see the potential in eMobility and reframe your future in the new ecosystem by: Defining your role, identifying the most attractive value pools and developing the right business models to maximize return on investment. Identifying and developing strategically effective cross-sector partnerships to deliver additional growth, while managing risk. Leveraging our bespoke suite of technology services to drive digital transformation, implement operational efficiencies and provide improved profitability. Read more Read less Featured Thinking How to retake the momentum in the EV transition Ulrika Eklöf 09 Sep 2024 EY eMobility Explore why collaboration is crucial for a sustainable mobility future. Our latest thinking Reframe your strategy: The great automotive value shift As value is shifting toward new disruptive areas, the auto industry needs to quickly adapt and unlock the emerging revenue opportunities. Learn more. Martin Cardell + 3 How private boards unlock value by elevating risk management Private boards can unlock value by elevating risk management. Learn more. If there’s no silver bullet, can green tech hit the target? Governments need to choose the most scalable technologies that will bridge the gap between climate ambition and climate action. Find out more. Catherine Friday + 1 What auto suppliers can learn from PE to drive their EV transition Auto parts suppliers that have hesitated to adopt an EV strategy can learn from the bold decision-making culture of private equity firms. Learn more. Jon Slatkin + 1 How can manufacturers place innovation at the heart of transformation? Value-driven growth requires manufacturers to put innovation and digital strategies at the heart of transformation. Learn more. David Takeuchi + 2 Infrastructure Advisory and Consulting Services Our teams can help governments, regulators and private clients with infrastructure advisory and ESG support, aiding decisions and project development. Previous Next Explore the future digital EV ecosystem Data interoperability is key to improving the customer experience and accelerating EV uptake. Discover more How EY can help Mobility Lens Suite: Explore the future of mobility Explore the future of mobility with the EY Mobility Lens Suite, a proprietary automotive and transportation research toolset. Learn more. Read more EY UtilityWave Discover how EY's NextWave platform can help transform how your company manages, integrates & leverages data from IoT devices to improve performance. Read more Infrastructure Advisory and Consulting Services Our teams can help governments, regulators and private clients with infrastructure advisory and ESG support, aiding decisions and project development. Read more Advanced Manufacturing and Mobility Strategy Consulting EY-Parthenon Advanced Manufacturing Consulting teams create strategies so that companies can achieve sustainable growth. Learn more Read more The team Maria Bengtsson EY UK&I Mobility Leader; Partner, Aerospace, Defense & Mobility, Ernst & Young LLP Mobility sector leader. Valuation Partner. Advises businesses in the Mobility and Energy sectors. Focussed on energy transition. Mother of two daughters and a dog. London, United Kingdom David Borland EY UK&I Automotive Leader Passionate about the automotive industry and delivering innovative solutions for clients. Outside of work, focused on family and community. Enjoys sports. London, United Kingdom Serge Colle EY Global Power & Utilities Leader Global energy advisor. Connecting clients with EY insights, services, assets and the broader energy ecosystem. Diegem, Belgium Marc Coltelli EY Americas eMobility Energy Leader Innovative, focused energy professional with more than 25 years’ experience. Passionate about turning strategy into reality. Hoboken, NJ, United States Martin Cardell EY Global Mobility Solutions Leader Focused on business transformation. Passionate about cars and exploring the world. EY Göteborg, Sweden Thierry Mortier EY Global Digital & Innovation Lead for Energy Innovative and creative leader. Curious accelerator and visionary. Technology enthusiast interested in emerging technologies, eMobility and green tech. Diegem, Belgium Gianluca Di Pasquale EY Global Green Economies & Infrastructure Leader and Future Cities Co-Leader Start-upper and a social entrepreneur. Business mentor. Interested in working for big things that will shape the future. Milano, Italy Show more On the Agenda (4) Skip west Automotive Featured: Why human interaction remains essential to the car buying journey Discover east Energy & Resources Featured: Top 10 business risks and opportunities for mining and metals in 2026 Discover east Transactions and Corporate Finance by EY-Parthenon Featured: Transact to transform: How a human focus can unlock deal value Discover east Industrial Products Featured: How a new approach to finance and tax is turbocharging Accelleron Discover east east End of On the Agenda Contact us Like what you’ve seen? Get in touch to learn more. EY logo Legal and privacy Modern slavery statement Connect with us Our locations My EY Site map Read more Read less Open Facebook profile Open LinkedIn profile Open Youtube profile EY refers to the global organization, and may refer to one or more, of the member firms of Ernst & Young Global Limited, each of which is a separate legal entity. Ernst & Young Global Limited, a UK company limited by guarantee, does not provide services to clients. Welcome to EY uk (en) You are visiting EY uk (en) uk en