Job Application for FP&A Data & Analytics Manager at Monzo Back to jobs FP&A Data & Analytics Manager Cardiff, London or Remote (UK) Apply 🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ 📍London, Cardiff or Remote | 💰£70,600 - £83,000 depending on experience ➕ incentive awards tied to your performance | Benefits | Hear from the team ⭐ About our FP&A Team We’re looking for a curious, adaptive, and data-focused FP&A Data & Analytics Manager to join our Financial Planning & Analysis team at Monzo. This role is focussed on data analysis and AI . You will be reporting to the Group Performance and Analytics Lead within the FP&A team and work closely with the Finance Data team. You’ll thrive on digging into complex financial and operational datasets, translating raw numbers into clear commercial insights, and leveraging AI alongside modern tech to build scalable data tools and solutions that drive high-impact decisions across the business. 🔑 You’ll play a key role by… Data Translation & Infrastructure: Translating FP&A/commercial requirements, prototyping and building downstream reporting/automation, while partnering with Finance Data/Analytics Engineering on core pipelines and production-grade shared data assets. Insights & Reporting: Preparing management information, delivering actionable insights, and building data solutions to help business partners achieve their goals. Automation & Process Improvement: Automating financial reporting processes and proactively spotting opportunities to streamline workflows and improve efficiencies across Monzo. Stakeholder Management: Working independently, taking the initiative, and building strong relationships with stakeholders at all levels across the business. 🤩 We’d love to hear from you if you have… Technical Data Skills: You have a solid grounding in SQL and preferably Python. You have experience using generative AI to accelerate analysis, prototyping and automation, with appropriate review and controls. Experience with data visualisation tools like Looker is a plus. Experience with Anaplan is a plus. Financial Acumen: You are analytical, detail-oriented and have experience with financial statements. Strong financial modelling, P&L management, and forecasting skills are a plus. Commercial Mindset: You are commercially minded, able to put complex numbers into clear business perspectives, and drive action from insights. Data & Process Automation: You delight in automating processes through code and AI. Adaptability & Execution: You thrive in a dynamic, changing environment, and are able to navigate through ambiguity and uncertainty. Collaboration: You have great communication skills and are a reliable team player. 🙌 What’s in it for you 💰 £70,600 - £83,000 + incentive awards tied to your performance 📍This is a hybrid role with occasional working from our London office. We're also open to distributed working within the UK ⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team. 📚 £1,000 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences. 🏡 We will set you up to work from home; all employees are given Macbooks and for fully remote workers we will provide extra support for your work-from-home setup. ➕ Plus lots more! Read our full list of benefits . 🌈 The application journey has 4 key steps Phone call with Recruiter Initial Call with Hiring Manager (30 mins) Technical Interview with FP&A and Finance Data (45 mins) Monzo Behavioural Interview (30 mins) Our average process takes around 3–4 weeks, but we will always work around your availability. We’ll only close this role once we have enough applications for the next stage. Please submit your application as soon as possible to make sure you don’t miss out. We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo. You can read them here . #LI-NZ1 #LI-Remote Equal opportunities for everyone Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our blog , 2026 Diversity and Inclusion Report and 2025 Gender Pay Gap Report. We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status. If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊 Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf 🇺🇸 Are you a US Person? * Select... A US Person is defined as someone who: was born in the United States (US) has at least 1 parent who was born in the US is a naturalised citizen of the US is a green card holder is a US tax resident 🔐 Keeping your data safe is really important to us. Please take a look at our Candidate Data Privacy Notice (linked below) and confirm that you have. * Select... 🔗 Candidate Data Privacy Notice . If you’d like to, please share your preferred pronouns (eg. they/them/theirs, she/her/hers). If you'd like to, please spell out your name how it's pronounced so we know how to say it. 🛂 Please confirm your Right to Work status in the location where this job is advertised. * Select... We legally have to verify that you have the right to work in the location where you'd be working from. Your answer to this question won't affect the outcome of your application, unless you'd need visa sponsorship but are applying to a role we don't sponsor. 👤 Identity survey Our goal at Monzo is to make money work for everyone. To do that, working at Monzo must work for everyone. We want to create an equitable, engaged and innovative workplace which gives people from all backgrounds the support they need to thrive and grow. Making Monzo work for everyone starts right at the beginning of every Monzonaut's journey: when they apply to work here. This demographic survey will help us better understand the people who apply to work at Monzo. It'll help us see how different groups progress through our hiring process, and where we need to make improvements to be more inclusive. If you choose to fill it out, all of the information you give us is: Voluntary . And we've included a "prefer not to say" option for every question. It'd be helpful if you still fill out the survey even if you choose "prefer not to say" for every question, as it's useful for us to understand & record this. We won't know if you choose to fill this survey in or not. Anonymous to Monzo . We can't tie your responses to you and they won't make a difference to the outcome of your application. We'll only use grouped responses for equal opportunities monitoring in our hiring process. For more information on how we'll use this data, please read our candidate privacy notice . By filling out this survey, you agree that we can use your responses for the purposes we've mentioned above. You are not letting us know if we need to make any adjustments to the hiring process because of disability or neurodiversity - to do this please email us. How would you describe your gender identity? Select... Do you identify as transgender? Select... What's your sexual orientation? Select... Do you identify as having a disability? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodivergent? Select... How would your describe your ethnicity? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse