Job Application for Vulnerability, Accessibility & Inclusion Lead at Monzo Back to jobs New Vulnerability, Accessibility & Inclusion Lead Remote (UK) Apply 🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ 📍UK Remote | 💰£68,400-86,550 + equity + Incentive Awards tied to your performance + Benefits ✨ This role is a 13 month secondment to cover caregiver leave within our Vulnerability, Accessibility, Inclusion and Bereavements (VAIB) team in Customer Operations. Our VAIB team⭐ Making money work for everyone is what we do at Monzo, but it only counts if it works for the people who need support the most. Our Vulnerability, Accessibility, Inclusion and Bereavements (VAIB) team is dedicated to breaking down barriers across the bank. We make sure that whether a customer is vulnerable, disabled, excluded, or experiencing a bereavement, they get a product and a service that is empathetic, accessible, and built entirely with them in mind. 🔑You’ll play a key role by... As our VAIB Strategy Lead , you’ll set direction within your area of expertise and turn VAIB priorities into sustainable, well-governed improvements across Monzo.You’ll bring together regulatory requirements, customer insight, data and operational experience to understand where change is needed and help the business deliver it effectively. You’ll work closely with Strategy Managers and Analysts, Operations leaders, Product, Risk, Compliance, Data, Engineering and teams across Monzo. You’ll make sure our strategic priorities are understood, appropriately governed and translated into measurable improvements for customers. Leading the development, integration and embedment of VAIB strategies, standards and regulatory expectations across Monzo’s products, customer journeys and operational processes. Turning the strategy into clear roadmaps, outcomes and priorities, giving strategic direction to the teams responsible for delivering them. Assessing our products, services and customer support against relevant legal, regulatory and industry standards, identifying gaps, risks and opportunities and driving improvements. As well as horizon scanning, regulatory analysis and gap assessments, turning emerging legal, regulatory and industry developments into practical recommendations for Monzo. Acting as a senior subject matter expert on complex vulnerability, accessibility, inclusion and bereavement issues, including situations where there isn’t an established answer, whilst building VAIB capability across Monzo by sharing your expertise, coaching colleagues and supporting the development of Strategy Managers and Analysts. Working closely with first and second line Risk and Compliance teams to understand regulatory expectations, strengthen governance and controls, and make sure VAIB risks are identified and managed appropriately. Whilst taking ownership of significant VAIB risks, controls, formal actions or remediation programmes where needed, making sure activity is delivered to the right standard. Setting clear expectations and measures for customer outcomes, using data and insight to understand whether our strategies and standards are working and where our approach needs to change. Work closely with Operations and Senior Operations leaders to improve customer support pathways, service standards and outcomes, constructively challenging where performance or strategic alignment falls short. Using complaints, customer insight, operational data and other relevant information to identify systemic barriers or poorer outcomes and turn those findings into strategic action. Working with Product, Operations, Risk, Compliance and other teams to make sure VAIB priorities are understood and embedded in the way we design, deliver and improve products and services. Providing strategic direction on customer communications linked to VAIB, helping make sure information is clear, accessible, accurate and consistent with our approach. 🤩 We’d love to hear from you if… You have deep expertise in vulnerability, accessibility, inclusion and bereavement, and understand how to identify and reduce barriers that can prevent people from accessing products and services. You have strong knowledge of the legal, regulatory and industry standards relevant to VAIB, such as FG21, Consumer Duty, the Equality Act 2010, WCAG and the European Accessibility Act, and can turn regulatory requirements, customer insight, data and operational experience into clear strategic priorities and practical recommendations. You have experience developing and embedding strategy at scale, including setting outcomes, roadmaps and measures of success. You’re comfortable working with Risk and Compliance teams and have experience identifying and managing risks, controls, governance requirements or remediation activity. You can provide credible challenge and influence senior stakeholders, including when an issue is complex, ambiguous or there isn’t an established solution. You have experience using customer and operational insight to identify systemic issues and improve customer outcomes. You can work effectively across different teams and disciplines, bringing people together around a clear strategic direction. You enjoy sharing your expertise and helping others build their capability. You’re excited about what we’re doing at Monzo and want to help us make money work for everyone. Not ticking every box? That’s totally okay! Studies show that women and people of colour might hesitate to apply unless they meet every single requirement. At Monzo, we’re dedicated to creating a diverse and welcoming team. If you’re passionate about this role and keen to learn and grow with us, we encourage you to apply— even if you don’t have everything that's listed just yet. Drop us your application, we’d love to hear from you! 🙌 What’s in it for you 💰 £68,400-86,550 ➕Incentive Awards tied to your performance. ⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team. 🏡 We will set you up to work from home; all employees are given Macbooks and for fully remote workers we will provide extra support for your work-from-home setup. ➕ Plus lots more! Read our full list of benefits . 🌈 The application journey has 3 key steps Recruiter call (25 minutes) Values & Behaviours Interview (60 minutes) Technical interview with a task (60 minutes) This process should take around 3-4 weeks - your schedule is really important to us, so we promise to be as flexible as possible! We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo. You can read them here. The closing date for applications is 21st October 2026. However, we'll close this role once we have enough applications for the next stage. Please submit your application as soon as possible to make sure you don’t miss out. #LI-REMOTE Equal opportunities for everyone Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our blog , 2026 Diversity and Inclusion Report and 2025 Gender Pay Gap Report. We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status. If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊 Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf 🇺🇸 Are you a US Person? * Select... A US Person is defined as someone who: was born in the United States (US) has at least 1 parent who was born in the US is a naturalised citizen of the US is a green card holder is a US tax resident 🔐 Keeping your data safe is really important to us. Please take a look at our Candidate Data Privacy Notice (linked below) and confirm that you have. * Select... 🔗 Candidate Data Privacy Notice . 🛂 Please confirm your Right to Work status in the location where this job is advertised. * Select... We legally have to verify that you have the right to work in the location where you'd be working from. Your answer to this question won't affect the outcome of your application, unless you'd need visa sponsorship but are applying to a role we don't sponsor. Why VAIB, and why Monzo? We'd love to hear what genuinely excites you about doing this kind of work in a fast-paced place like ours. * Regulation doesn't have to mean a clunky experience. How do you take complex rules (like Consumer Duty or the Equality Act) and turn them into changes that actually make things better for our customers? * Tell us about a time you had to get senior leaders on board with an accessibility or inclusion idea that wasn't on their radar. How did you make it happen and get it prioritised? * 👤 Identity survey Our goal at Monzo is to make money work for everyone. To do that, working at Monzo must work for everyone. We want to create an equitable, engaged and innovative workplace which gives people from all backgrounds the support they need to thrive and grow. Making Monzo work for everyone starts right at the beginning of every Monzonaut's journey: when they apply to work here. This demographic survey will help us better understand the people who apply to work at Monzo. It'll help us see how different groups progress through our hiring process, and where we need to make improvements to be more inclusive. If you choose to fill it out, all of the information you give us is: Voluntary . And we've included a "prefer not to say" option for every question. It'd be helpful if you still fill out the survey even if you choose "prefer not to say" for every question, as it's useful for us to understand & record this. We won't know if you choose to fill this survey in or not. Anonymous to Monzo . We can't tie your responses to you and they won't make a difference to the outcome of your application. We'll only use grouped responses for equal opportunities monitoring in our hiring process. For more information on how we'll use this data, please read our candidate privacy notice . By filling out this survey, you agree that we can use your responses for the purposes we've mentioned above. You are not letting us know if we need to make any adjustments to the hiring process because of disability or neurodiversity - to do this please email us. How would you describe your gender identity? Select... Do you identify as transgender? Select... What's your sexual orientation? Select... Do you identify as having a disability? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodivergent? Select... How would your describe your ethnicity? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse