BambooHR Privacy PolicyJob Openings2027 Summer Internship ProgrammeLondon, London, City ofWho we are Panmure Liberum is the UK's largest independent Investment Bank. We provide a full-service Investment Banking offering including capital raising and advisory, as well as distribution, research and execution services. We deliver excellence and foster real and lasting relationships with our clients – priding ourselves on being straight-talking, loyal and innovative in addressing their needs. What we offer Our programme offers an exciting development opportunity for both penultimate and final year students to join our Investment Banking, Equity Research and Equity Sales departments for a 10-week programme over the summer. Panmure Liberum provides a high-trust and entrepreneurial work environment where our interns are given meaningful responsibility, working alongside our specialist teams on high-impact projects across various industry sectors. Interns take part in a structured programme with daily job shadowing and project work, mentoring, weekly sector deep dives, technical training, development workshops and networking opportunities across all levels of our business. We set real performance targets and provide continuous, tailored feedback to each of our interns. We partner with professional development coaches to provide our intern cohort the opportunity to enhance their personal brand, networking and presentation skills through workshops which are designed to accelerate commercial success. Interns are given the opportunity to demonstrate their skills and development at various points throughout the programme, including a final pitch presentation to senior executives at the end of the programme. For high-calibre, well-rounded individuals, this opportunity could lead to a position on our graduate scheme following successful completion of their degree. Investment Banking Investment Banking interns will gain experience working with our Sector, Corporate Broking, M&A, Debt Advisory and Growth Capital Solutions teams. They will gain experience on a variety of sectors and transactions learning alongside senior bankers day-to-day. Equity Research Research interns will help to provide analytical resources for projects across our key UK market sectors. They will assist our specialist analysts with fundamental projects and client services, gaining valuable insight into all aspects of our secondary business. Equity Sales Sales interns will develop an understanding of UK equity markets and gain exposure across a range of market caps and end-markets. This will involve the production of analytical sales content, attending client meetings, and observing the management and execution of client orders, whilst interacting with various sector-based traders and salespeople. Who we are looking for Our internship will be invaluable to those who want to take advantage of the broad set of learning opportunities we have to offer. Panmure Liberum interns are entrepreneurs and self-starters who are passionate about building their own careers, and fit the following criteria: Penultimate or final year university students due to graduate in 2027 or 2028 Ambitious and dynamic candidates committed to performing to the highest standard Hungry to learn and take on constructive feedback to develop their core skills and personal brand Real team players who have the ability collaborate and communicate with a range of people Strong analytical mindset and developed critical thinking Experience working with Microsoft PowerPoint and Excel is an added bonus Vacancy type We offer internship positions across our Investment Banking, Equity Research and Equity Sales teams. Programme timeline 10-week programme from 5 July until 10 September 2027. How to apply Follow the link to submit your CV, cover letter and complete our screening questions to tell us why you are the perfect candidate for our internship programme. The application portal will close on 16 October 2026. Hiring process First round interviews will commence from 26 October 2026 onwards, followed by a second round including interviews, presentations and assessments. Successful candidates will have their offers before Christmas. *Please note, due to the high volume of applications we receive, we are only able to contact candidates who are selected to interview.*Apply for This JobLink to This JobLocationLondon, London, City ofEmployment TypeInternshipMinimum ExperienceEntry-levelPrivacy Policy • Terms of Service • © BambooHR All rights reserved.