Future State Podcast | State Street We are sorry - we can’t find the page you are looking for. × The page you were looking for may no longer be available or may not be available in your country, language or to your investor type. Please use the website navigation or site search at the top of the page to find content similar to what you were looking for. Contact us Company websites Careers Newsroom Investors State Street Investment Management CRD Insights Solutions About Insights Solutions About Contact us Company websites Careers Newsroom Investors State Street Investment Management CRD Select a location Select a Country Select your role Select Role Global Privacy Notice Cookie Disclosure Insights Future State Podcast Future State is a biweekly podcast exploring how technology, data, and innovation are reshaping asset management and financial markets. Hosted by State Street’s Tadhg Young and Anna Bernasek, it features industry leaders discussing key trends — from AI and digital finance to ETFs, alternatives, and regulation. Hosts Tadhg Young Head of Global Clients Division State Street Tadhg manages our largest and most complex clients around the world. In this capacity, he oversees a team of seasoned relationship executives, operational experts, and business analysts who support our clients with their business strategy. Partnering with CEOs, COOs, and CIOs of top-tier firms across the globe, Tadhg helps deliver a unified experience for clients to leverage the full breadth of our capabilities. Anna Bernasek Head of Insights State Street Anna leads award-winning thought leadership for institutional investors. Previously at the McKinsey Global Institute, she helped shape some of the world’s most respected research and hosted the Forward Thinking podcast. She is the author of two books on trust in the economy and the impact of AI, and a former columnist for The New York Times , Fortune , Newsweek , and The Australian Financial Review . All episodes Subscribe Listen to Future State on your preferred platform. Find out what’s next for the business of investing — wherever you get your podcasts. Play on Apple Podcasts Listen on Spotify Related insights State Street PriceStats: Disinflation disrupted? US inflation accelerated in August, driven by higher energy costs and marking a pause in the recent disinflation trend. Read more Institutional Investor Indicators: August 2026 The State Street Risk Appetite Index rose to 0.36 in August from 0.18 in July, marking its third-strongest reading of 2026 and fifth consecutive positive month as institutional investors continued adding risk. Read more Private markets beyond the underperformance paradox: The changing drivers of value creation Recent private equity underperformance has challenged long-held assumptions about the asset class. Our analysis examines the changing economics of private market investing and the drivers of future value creation. Read more View all insights Stay updated Please send me State Street’s latest Insights. First Name Please enter correct first name Last Name Please enter correct last name Email Address Please enter correct email address Organization Please enter correct organization By checking this box, I consent to receive future research reports, publications, newsletters, event communications, announcements and other commercial electronic messages regarding products and services from State Street Corporation and its affiliates and subsidiaries (“State Street”). I also consent to the collection and use of my personal information shared on this form as outlined in State Street’s Marketing Disclosure Statement. I understand that my consent, above, does not apply to any communications from, or personal information I may share with, State Street Global Advisors. I understand that I can opt out of future communications at any time using the “Unsubscribe” feature available in all emails I receive from State Street. Sign up for updates Thank you for contacting State Street. This message confirms that we have received your message and have routed it to the appropriate business area. We will make every effort to respond to you as soon as possible. Confirm Thank you for contacting State Street. This message confirms that we have received your message and have routed it to the appropriate business area. We will make every effort to respond to you as soon as possible. Twitter LinkedIn YouTube SPDR Blog © [[]] %%State Street Corporation%%. All rights reserved.