SMBC Summer Intern Programme 2027 - SMBC Group | Bright Network Cookies — it's your choice At Bright Network we use cookies and similar technologies to help deliver you the best possible experience. Some are necessary to help our website work properly and can't be switched off, and some are optional but support Bright Network in building and running the service that we provide to you. You can find out more in our privacy policy at any time by going to the link in our footer. Accept all cookies Only accept essential cookies Skip to main content Back Close menu Home Find an opportunity Events Career advice Search For employers Log in Sign up Live roles Graduate jobs Internships Placements Tools & resources Deadline tracker Top graduate employers Application deadlines Graduate jobs Internships Placements Upcoming events Bright Network events Employer events Choose a career No idea what to do? Career path test Career path guides Career profiles Career advice STEM advice CV advice Interviews All advice Open menu Bright Network For employers Log in Sign up ⌘K Ctrl K Search Open menu Bright Network ⌘K Ctrl K Search For employers Log in Sign up Bright Network Opportunities Find an opportunity Live roles Graduate jobs Internships Placements Application deadlines Graduate jobs Internships Placements Tools & resources Deadline tracker Top graduate employers Events Upcoming events Bright Network events Employer events Advice Career advice Choose a career No idea what to do? Career path test Career path guides Career profiles Career advice STEM advice CV advice Interviews All advice ⌘K Ctrl K Search For employers Log in Sign up Home Internships Retail & Corporate Banking SMBC Summer Intern Programme 2027 SMBC Summer Intern Programme 2027 Deadline: 1st Sep 2026 Retail & Corporate Banking Internship London SMBC Group Financial Services | Investment Banking & Asset Management SMBC Group Applications for this job are now closed Due to high popularity, the application closing date for this internship has been brought forward to the 1st September. We encourage you to apply as soon as possible to avoid disappointment. What is the Opportunity? SMBC hosts a 9-week Summer Intern Programme for penultimate year students who will have the opportunity to work on teams, be exposed to significant firm-wide projects within their respective business areas and support a range of deals with our clients. Participants in our Summer Intern Programme will work on a variety of projects including building financial models, developing client presentations, conducting research, and participating in client meetings – all to improve their understanding of the global banking industry. Our Summer Intern Programme is a pipeline to our permanent Global Graduate Programme. Who We Are SMBC Group is a top-tier global financial group. Headquartered in Tokyo, SMBC Group offers a diverse range of financial services, including banking, leasing, securities, credit cards, and consumer finance. The Group has more than 150 offices and 86,000 employees worldwide in nearly 40 countries. Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group, Inc. Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group, Inc. (SMFG) is the holding company of SMBC Group, which is one of the three largest banking groups in Japan. In the EMEA region, SMBC has more than 2,000 employees across Europe, the Middle East and Africa, with a presence in key financial centres including London, Dublin, Frankfurt, Paris, Milan, Madrid and Dubai. Through its regional network, SMBC provides a wide range of banking and financial services to corporate, institutional and sovereign clients across the EMEA market. Built upon a foundation that leverages the perspective of more than 400 years of history, our Japanese heritage affirms a sense of honor and commitment that is increasingly rare in the financial world. Our deeply-held values of service, respect, and integrity are present in everything we do. Backed by the capital strength of SMBC Group and the value of its relationships in Asia, we offer a range of commercial and investment banking services to our corporate, institutional, and municipal clients. We connect a diverse client base to local markets and the organization’s extensive global network. As we continue to grow our presence in EMEA, SMBC is looking for talent to support our business goals. We encourage ongoing professional development and the success of our employees as SMBC continues to service its clients around the globe. Why SMBC? We are a market leader. The evolution of SMBC’s products and services is driven by the ever-changing needs of companies across the globe in every industry sector. SMBC takes market-leading positions and has been consistently recognized in the banking industry for providing outstanding financial services. Our corporate relationships are built on trust. To successfully navigate an uncertain economy while also capitalising on the opportunities that rise, clients count on SMBC to take a long-term view that emphasises stability and attention to the numbers. This approach has served our clients well. Our competitive advantage: A strong client base with broad coverage of the Fortune 500 Worldwide operations enable us to provide clients with global solutions, make SMBC the leading choice for EMEA businesses expanding in Asia A solid balance sheet and conservative approach. What is the Opportunity? We are looking for Summer Interns to join either one of our main front office teams stated below: Structured Finance Solutions – Project Finance, Infrastructure, Net Asset Value, Leverage Finance, Origination Corporate & Investment Banking – Capital Markets, Global Financial Institutions, Trade Finance, Corporate Banking Sales & Trading – Derivatives, Fixed Income, Credit How Our Programme Works Our Summer Intern Programme is designed for penultimate year students This 9-week internship commences in June and includes: Induction Training with on-the-desk experience Senior Speaker Series Cultural Japanese activities Social networking activities Volunteer Day with a local nonprofit Would you describe yourself as: Passionate about the financial service industry Can you work well in a team and inspire others with your ideas? A conscientious, dedicated individual with excellent analytical skills and rapid comprehension? Having exceptional written and verbal communication skills? Highly organised, detail oriented, self-driven, and motivated? If yes, you’ll thrive on working in a highly collaborative environment with some of the best minds in banking. We recruit highly intelligent individuals who are ambitious and adaptable. Our people have degrees in many different disciplines from across the world so even though good levels of numeracy are important for some roles, you don’t necessarily need a formal mathematical or financial background. We have a comprehensive training programme that will give you the technical knowledge you’ll need to build a career with us. Above all, we’re looking for entrepreneurial people who thrive best in a diverse culture where innovation and agile thinking thrive. The successful candidate will possess or demonstrate the following personal and professional attributes: You will be in your penultimate year (2nd year of a 3-year undergraduate degree or 3rd year of a 4-year undergraduate degree (graduating in 2028) Excellent academic record Exceptional written and verbal communication skills with specific ability to communicate concepts and ideas concisely and defend their validity Ability to comfortably interact with clients in a professional and mature manner Outstanding ethics, integrity, and judgment Intellectual curiosity Unrestricted and unlimited right to work in the UK Available to start on the 14 June 2027 SMBC’s employees participate in a hybrid workforce model that provides employees with an opportunity to work from home, as well as, from an SMBC office. SMBC requires that employees live within a reasonable commuting distance of their office location. Prospective candidates will learn more about their specific hybrid work schedule during their interview process. Hybrid work may not be permitted for certain roles. D&I Commitment SMBC Group are proud signatories of the HM Treasury Women in Finance Charter and Race at Work Charter. At SMBC, we connect the diversity of our employees to the resilience of our firm. We strongly encourage an inclusive environment so that our staff can be their authentic selves and fully thrive in their roles. It is our belief that diversity is not only about demographic differences but also of thought, knowledge, skills, and culture. The acceptance of such diversity strengthens each one of us and is essential to the success of our firm. We are deeply committed to attracting and retaining a high-performing, talented, and diverse workforce. As equal opportunity employers, we welcome applicants from all backgrounds. As inclusive employers, we are open to exploring flexible and agile working patterns as appropriate. We are committed to equality of opportunity and welcome applications from individuals from diverse backgrounds and communities. Reasonable adjustments to the recruitment process will be offered, if required, due to a disability or health condition. Benefits Offered (once you join as full-time employee) At SMBC, we offer a comprehensive benefits package designed to attract, retain, reward, and motivate full-time employees and their families. Our offerings include medical, well-being programmes, life insurance, short and long-term disability coverage, vacation and personal time, holidays, sick time, an Employee Assistance Programme, commuter benefits, and tuition and professional training reimbursement. What's Next? Help us learn about you by submitting a complete application which includes your resume. Applications close on 7th September. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. We encourage you to submit your application as early as possible as we start conducting assessment rounds ahead of the deadline. If you are advanced to the next step of the process, you’ll receive an email invitation to complete an online assessment and video interview. Following this, if successful you will be invited to a in personal assessment centre in our London Headquarters. Completion of the video interview is required, and your application will not be considered for further review until you have completed it. We strongly encourage that you apply and complete this as soon as possible, since programme will close as positions are filled. See more Related Jobs SMBC Group SMBC 2027 Global Graduate Programme - Frankfurt Frankfurt am Main Deadline: 5th Oct 2026 SMBC Group SMBC Industrial Placement Programme - 2027-2028 London Deadline: 5th Oct 2026 SMBC Group SMBC 2027 Global Graduate Programme - London London Deadline: 5th Oct 2026 SMBC Group SMBC 2027 Global Graduate Programme - Dubai Dubai Deadline: 17th Oct 2026 Barclays Join our Talent Community United Kingdom Rolling deadline KPMG Join our Talent Community United Kingdom Rolling deadline Careers - work for us Get in touch Terms and conditions Anti-slavery policy Community guidelines Privacy policy Browse site About us FAQs Bright Network © 2026