Contact Us For Custom Consulting Services | Oliver Wyman Skip to main content We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand Learn More search Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search Highlights Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search search Highlights menu close Contact Us For any inquiries or further information about Oliver Wyman, feel free to reach out Request For Proposal For bespoke consulting services to elevate your business, reach out to us directly . Careers Ready for new opportunities? Discover exciting roles at Oliver Wyman on our careers site . You can also contact our recruiting team directly for personalized guidance. Media Center For all media-related queries, visit our media center to find the relevant media contact in your region. Alumni Relations Calling all Oliver Wyman alumni! Join our Alumni LinkedIn Group to connect with current and former colleagues. Reach out to our alumni team for more details. Social Media Stay connected! Follow us on LinkedIn , Instagram , Facebook , and X (formerly Twitter). Website Feedback To help us improve and serve you better, your thoughts matter. We welcome your comments and encourage you to share your feedback . Contact Us Please fill the following form and we will get back to you OUR EXPERTISE Industries Automotive Communications, Media, And Technology Education Energy And Natural Resources Financial Services Government And Public Institutions Health And Life Sciences Industrial Products Private Equity And Principal Investors Retail And Consumer Goods Transportation And Services capabilities Actuarial Consulting Climate And Sustainability Customer Innovation And Growth Digital Finance, Risk, And Restructuring Mergers And Acquisitions Oliver Wyman Engineers Operations Payments And Digital Economy People And Organizational Performance Performance Transformation Pricing, Sales, And Marketing Risk Management Strategy Turnaround And Restructuring OUR EXPERTISE Industries Automotive Communications, Media, And Technology Education Energy And Natural Resources Financial Services Government And Public Institutions Health And Life Sciences Industrial Products Private Equity And Principal Investors Retail And Consumer Goods Transportation And Services capabilities Actuarial Consulting Climate And Sustainability Customer Innovation And Growth Digital Finance, Risk, And Restructuring Mergers And Acquisitions Oliver Wyman Engineers Operations Payments And Digital Economy People And Organizational Performance Performance Transformation Pricing, Sales, And Marketing Risk Management Strategy Turnaround And Restructuring Footer XF Risk and insurance Reinsurance and capital People and investments Management consulting We're a global professional service firm bringing together capabilities across risk, reinsurance and capital, people and investments, and management consulting — building the confidence to thrive through the power of perspective. Terms Of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Statement On Accessibility Manage Cookies © 2026 Oliver Wyman, LLC. All Rights Reserved.