Job Application for Senior Legal Counsel, Digital Assets and Payments at Monzo Back to jobs Senior Legal Counsel, Digital Assets and Payments Cardiff, London or Remote (UK) Apply 🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ 📍London/Cardiff/UK Remote | 💰circa £110,000 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance + Benefits | Hear from the team ✨ We’re looking for a Senior Legal Counsel to join our team at Monzo to support our payments business including digital assets and emerging payment technologies. You will report to Monzo’s Director of Legal for Payments & Business Banking, be part of the Legal and Board Governance Collective, and act as a legal business partner for the teams working on these initiatives. This role sits at the intersection of payments, digital assets and emerging payments technologies. You’ll help teams navigate a rapidly evolving legal and regulatory landscape, helping Monzo innovate responsibly while protecting our customers. You’ll work at all levels in the organisation and with a wide-range of stakeholders from Product Managers and Designers, to Operations professionals and Software Engineers, and Risk, FinCrime and Compliance professionals. While payments, digital assets and emerging financial technologies will be your primary focus, more broadly, you will also have opportunities to work within a team of product lawyers to give first rate legal advice and support to Monzo’s Product Collectives, including in areas like personal and business banking. 🔑You’ll play a key role by... You’ll work directly with senior lawyers, product managers and engineers to provide legal advice and commercial insights to develop and grow Monzo Bank in the UK - and internationally. In particular, you will: Partner with product managers to advise on legal matters, in particular relating to the impact of digital assets and emerging financial technologies, and advise on the legal and regulatory requirements for Monzo. Help to develop efficient ways of working to enable Monzo to scale quickly, and ensuring Monzo operates safely and in accordance with the law and regulation. Provide training and knowledge sharing with other Monzonauts on the impact of laws and regulations for Monzo and our customers in your specialist area.. Often act as the sole lawyer advising product managers or other colleagues, identifying legal issues proactively, evaluating relevant risks and finding effective solutions to unique and complex business activities. You’ll work closely and collaboratively with Monzo’s Director of Legal for Payments & Business Banking, Director of Product Legal, the General Counsel of Monzo Bank Limited and the other members of the UK Legal team to provide legal advice and commercial insights, in particular in relation to digital assets and other emerging financial technologies, to Product teams. You’ll be a trusted advisor and will work proactively and collaboratively with other relevant stakeholders and teams across the Monzo Group, including the Product, Risk & Compliance, Supplier Operations, Financial Crime, Fraud and Operations teams. You’ll advise on the evolving legal and regulatory framework for digital assets and emerging financial technologies, working with colleagues across the UK and EU to to help us identify relevant local legal and regulatory requirements and apply them to our products. You’ll work with colleagues across the Legal and Board Governance Collective to improve the management of our teams’ activities, including through identifying suitable technology solutions to streamline workflows, optimise processes and efficiencies, and increase scalability. You’ll proactively manage relationships with external suppliers and law firms to enhance processes around cost management to ensure we are optimising our spend and extracting best value while delivering top-quality legal support. 🤩 We’d love to hear from you if… You are a technically excellent lawyer with a minimum of 5 years of relevant post-qualification experience, with recent experience of digital assets, emerging financial technologies and the evolving regulatory regime. You have demonstrated experience of advising on laws and regulations relevant to financial services, including the UK regulatory regime as it applies to digital assets and emerging payment technologies. You are a team player and a keen problem solver, skilled at assessing risk and recommending solutions that balance commercial and risk considerations. You think ahead, anticipate relevant challenges, understand the commercial objectives of the teams you support, set clear objectives, and find effective solutions. You are proactive, take initiative to broaden your knowledge, and are passionate about the intersection of banking and technology and the transformation unfolding in consumer finance. You are excited to work in a fast-paced environment and to join us for the next stage of our journey at Monzo! The interview process: Our interview process involves 3 main stages: Recruiter call Initial call Full loop: Technical and behavioural interviews Our average process takes around 3-4 weeks but we will always work around your availability. What’s in it for you: 💰 circa £110,000 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance ➕ benefits ✈️ We can help you relocate to the UK 📍This role is based in our London office. If you are not based in London, we're open to discuss this on a case by case basis. ⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, at times that suit you and your team. 📚 Learning budget of £1,000 a year for books, training courses and conferences ➕ And much more, see our full list of benefits here This process should take around 3-4 weeks - your schedule is really important to us, so we promise to be as flexible as possible! We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo. You can read them here. We’ll only close this role once we have enough applications for the next stage. Please submit your application as soon as possible to make sure you don’t miss out. Equal opportunities for everyone Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our blog , 2026 Diversity and Inclusion Report and 2025 Gender Pay Gap Report. We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status. If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊 Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf 🇺🇸 Are you a US Person? * Select... A US Person is defined as someone who: was born in the United States (US) has at least 1 parent who was born in the US is a naturalised citizen of the US is a green card holder is a US tax resident 🔐 Keeping your data safe is really important to us. Please take a look at our Candidate Data Privacy Notice (linked below) and confirm that you have. * Select... 🔗 Candidate Data Privacy Notice . If you’d like to, please share your preferred pronouns (eg. they/them/theirs, she/her/hers). If you'd like to, please spell out your name how it's pronounced so we know how to say it. 🛂 Please confirm your Right to Work status in the location where this job is advertised. * Select... We legally have to verify that you have the right to work in the location where you'd be working from. Your answer to this question won't affect the outcome of your application, unless you'd need visa sponsorship but are applying to a role we don't sponsor. 👤 Identity survey Our goal at Monzo is to make money work for everyone. To do that, working at Monzo must work for everyone. We want to create an equitable, engaged and innovative workplace which gives people from all backgrounds the support they need to thrive and grow. Making Monzo work for everyone starts right at the beginning of every Monzonaut's journey: when they apply to work here. This demographic survey will help us better understand the people who apply to work at Monzo. It'll help us see how different groups progress through our hiring process, and where we need to make improvements to be more inclusive. If you choose to fill it out, all of the information you give us is: Voluntary . And we've included a "prefer not to say" option for every question. It'd be helpful if you still fill out the survey even if you choose "prefer not to say" for every question, as it's useful for us to understand & record this. We won't know if you choose to fill this survey in or not. Anonymous to Monzo . We can't tie your responses to you and they won't make a difference to the outcome of your application. We'll only use grouped responses for equal opportunities monitoring in our hiring process. For more information on how we'll use this data, please read our candidate privacy notice . By filling out this survey, you agree that we can use your responses for the purposes we've mentioned above. You are not letting us know if we need to make any adjustments to the hiring process because of disability or neurodiversity - to do this please email us. How would you describe your gender identity? Select... Do you identify as transgender? Select... What's your sexual orientation? Select... Do you identify as having a disability? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodivergent? Select... How would your describe your ethnicity? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse