Private Equity And Principal Investors Skip to main content We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand Learn More search Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search Highlights Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search search Highlights menu close Private Equity And Principal Investors // . // Industries // Private Equity And Principal Investors What We Do What We Think Breakthroughs Solutions Who We Are What We Do We help our clients to achieve amazing results, both on deals and post-transaction. We serve private equity firms and their portfolio companies with a focus on delivering a differentiated return on investment across the investment cycle. We also support corporates and financial institutions with mergers and acquisitions (M&A) by providing value through all the transaction stages: opportunity identification and valuation, project management office (PMO), negotiation support and sale process management, and post-merger integration (PMI). 500+ due diligences completed over the last year $100B+ in acquisition advisories over the past year $50B+ enterprise value generated over the past 2 years Our expertise Buy-Side Due Diligence We provide clients with deep diligence insights, helping them to make more informed investment decisions. Post-Transaction Support For Operations We deliver rapid, tangible results to help clients realize the full value potential of their new assets. Post-Transaction Support For Commercial Excellence We run value creation assessment and develop a strong value creation plan. Sell-Side — Vendor Due Diligence Apply our sell-side, buyer-focused M&A due diligence to clarify market dynamics, equip buyers with insights, and enhance your business's value. Post-Merger Integration And Carve-Outs We ensure that our clients capture the full value of their transactions with step-by-step implementation support. Mergers And Acquisitions Navigate the M&A lifecycle with our expertise in carve-outs, post-merger integration, joint ventures, and integration for seamless transitions and success. What We Think Load More We are sorry, we could not find any results. Please refine your search and try again. Who We Are Filter Regions Americas Asia-Pacific Southeast Asia Europe IMEA Filter Regions Americas Asia-Pacific Southeast Asia Europe IMEA Clear All Load More We are sorry, we could not find any results. Please refine your search and try again. Footer XF Risk and insurance Reinsurance and capital People and investments Management consulting We're a global professional service firm bringing together capabilities across risk, reinsurance and capital, people and investments, and management consulting — building the confidence to thrive through the power of perspective. Terms Of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Statement On Accessibility Manage Cookies © 2026 Oliver Wyman, LLC. All Rights Reserved.