 Point72 Cognitive Test & Hirevue Interview Practice Log in Browse Tests AI CV AI Interview Aptitude Tests Aptitude Tests Premium Test Preparation Aptitude Test Practice Cognitive & General Aptitude Psychometric & Personality Mechanical & Technical Personality & Behavioural Tests Browse Tests Browse Tests Free Test Samples Free Test Samples Aptitude Test Personality Test Basic Skills Test Critical Thinking Test Accounting Questions HireVue Interview Sample OET Exam Predictive Index Cognitive Assessment Best Seller Products Best Seller Products ATSA CCAT Test CritiCall U.S. Secret Service Amazon Work Simulation TSA CBT EIAT Test FEAST USPS Exam 955 USPS Exam 474 - 477 NAV Canada Air Traffic Control Test Providers Test Providers Indeed SHL Predictive Index (PI) Hogan Korn Ferry/Talent Q Aon/Cut-e Cubiks Personality & Behavioural Personality & Behavioural Caliper Hogan PI Behavioral Assessment Gallup StrengthsFinder Test TTI Success Insight Personality SHL OPQ32 Pymetrics 19 Leadership Assessment Types DDI Test Civil Service Civil Service Free Civil Service Test Free USPS Test ASVAB Line Scores Firefighter Test NY Civil Service USPS 474 Practice Test PiCAT Practice Test Pre-Apprenticeship Practice Test FDNY Exam Correctional Officer Test Air Traffic Skills Assessments (ATSA) Police & FBI Police & FBI Free Police Test Police Psychological Exam 911 Dispatcher Test NYPD Exam FBI Physical Fitness Test FBI Test NYPD Psychological Test Police Physical Test Police Hiring Process Amazon Amazon Amazon Assessment Test Amazon Hiring Process Amazon Bar Raiser Interview Amazon Phone Interview Amazon Writing Exercise Amazon Leadership Principles Amazon STAR Method Amazon Virtual Interview Amazon Resume Tips Amazon Behavioral Interview Mechanical and Technical Tests Mechanical and Technical Tests EIAT Elevator Aptitude Test IBEW Aptitude Test Ramsay Sample Test Becoming an Elevator Mechanic Pipefitter Test ServSafe Manager Industrial Skills Test Microsoft Office Assessment Test NEIEP Interview Aptitude Tests Portal AI CV AI Interview About Us Log in AI CV AI Interview Premium Test Preparation Aptitude Test Practice Cognitive & General Aptitude Psychometric & Personality Mechanical & Technical Personality & Behavioural Tests Free Test Samples Free Test Samples Aptitude Test Personality Test Basic Skills Test Critical Thinking Test Accounting Questions HireVue Interview Sample OET Exam Predictive Index Cognitive Assessment Best Seller Products Best Seller Products ATSA CCAT Test CritiCall U.S. Secret Service Amazon Work Simulation TSA CBT EIAT Test FEAST USPS Exam 955 USPS Exam 474 - 477 NAV Canada Air Traffic Control Test Providers Test Providers Indeed SHL Predictive Index (PI) Hogan Korn Ferry/Talent Q Aon/Cut-e Cubiks Personality & Behavioural Personality & Behavioural Caliper Hogan PI Behavioral Assessment Gallup StrengthsFinder Test TTI Success Insight Personality SHL OPQ32 Pymetrics 19 Leadership Assessment Types DDI Test Civil Service Civil Service Free Civil Service Test Free USPS Test ASVAB Line Scores Firefighter Test NY Civil Service USPS 474 Practice Test PiCAT Practice Test Pre-Apprenticeship Practice Test FDNY Exam Correctional Officer Test Air Traffic Skills Assessments (ATSA) Police & FBI Police & FBI Free Police Test Police Psychological Exam 911 Dispatcher Test NYPD Exam FBI Physical Fitness Test FBI Test NYPD Psychological Test Police Physical Test Police Hiring Process Amazon Amazon Amazon Assessment Test Amazon Hiring Process Amazon Bar Raiser Interview Amazon Phone Interview Amazon Writing Exercise Amazon Leadership Principles Amazon STAR Method Amazon Virtual Interview Amazon Resume Tips Amazon Behavioral Interview Mechanical and Technical Tests Mechanical and Technical Tests EIAT Elevator Aptitude Test IBEW Aptitude Test Ramsay Sample Test Becoming an Elevator Mechanic Pipefitter Test ServSafe Manager Industrial Skills Test Microsoft Office Assessment Test NEIEP Interview Aptitude Tests Portal Homepage Tests by Leading Employers Finance & Banking Assessment Test Preparation Point72 Preparation Homepage Tests by Leading Employers Finance & Banking Assessment Test Preparation Point72 Preparation Prepare for the Point72 Cognitive Test and Video Interview (Hirevue) Prepare for the Point72 Cognitive Test and Video Interview (Hirevue) Prepare for the Point72 Wonderlic test and video interview with JobTestPrep’s resources. Our PrepPack™ includes test information, practice tests, detailed answer explanations, efficient score reports, and thorough study guides. Prepare today to ensure you succeed. Test simulations approximating Point72's official tests Additional drills enhancing your mastery of the material SHOW MORE SHOW LESS Prepare for Point72 with JobTestPrep At JobTestPrep, we strive to develop high-quality practice materials able to prepare job candidates for their pre-employment assessment. To help applicants to get a wished-for position, we have put into our comprehensive PrepPack™ tests that accurately approximate the Point72’s official tests and contain tasks and questions that they will, most probably, meet on their examination. Aiming to make your learning process even more productive, we have also added to our resources different drills and reader-friendly study guides. They will enable you to track your progress and eliminate your weak points before you come to your assessment at Point72. Avail yourself of an opportunity to improve your knowledge of the subject with our resources and prove to your recruiters that you can be trusted with the most difficult tasks and operations. Looking For Other Finance Tests? Aerotek | JP Morgan | Wells Fargo | Morgan Stanley | Tresvista | BPO | Worldquant | Capitec | Bank of America | Blackstone | Credit Suisse | Deutsche Bank | Barclays | Pre-Recorded Interview Prep Point72 Assessment Tests Point72 utilizes a variety of pre-employment assessment tests in its hiring process. Some tests you may encounter, depending on the position and the level of the job for which you are applying, include the following. The Point72 Wonderlic Cognitive Ability Test Point72 cognitive reasoning assessment, also known as the Wonderlic Cognitive Ability—Personnel Test , assesses an applicant's ability to learn, adapt, solve problems, and understand instructions, as well as verbal and math skills. The test contains questions about mathematics (including number series and complex mathematical word problems), vocabulary (including idiom proficiency), analogies, finding similarities, and grammar skills (such as error detecting and sentence structuring). There are two versions of this Wonderlic exam – the Quicktest (WPT-Q) and the full-length version, the Personnel Test (WPT-R). The Wonderlic Personnel Test–Revised, also known as the Contemporary Cognitive Ability Test, consists of 50 questions and must be completed within 12 minutes. In order to answer all the questions within the time limit, it is vital that you sharpen your analytical skills, quick response times, and decision-making skills. The Wonderlic Personnel Quicktest (WPT-Q), also known as the Wonderlic Pretest, is the shortened version of the Wonderlic Personnel Test-R (WPT-R). This version contains 30 questions which are to be completed within 8 minutes. Sharpen your skills with our Free Wonderlic Test Practice ! Personality Test Depending on the position, you may be required to complete personality tests to ensure that you are not only compatible with the position for which you are applying but compatible with the company. Personality tests can highlight your professional strengths and weaknesses, in addition to providing employers with personal insight that may not come across in an interview. Point72 Hiring Process The Point72 hiring and recruitment process is composed of the following steps which need to be completed successfully if you hope to obtain a job offer. Application– You will be asked to complete a brief online application which will be reviewed by Point72 management. If your application is successful, you will be contacted to move on to the next stage. Assessment tests– You will be asked to complete a variety of assessment tests which vary according to the position for which you are applying. You may be asked to complete the point72 cognitive reasoning assessment, a personality test, a basic skills test, a technical skills test, or other kinds of assessment tests. Interviews– You will encounter various types of interviews, some of which may include online video interviews (through the HireVue platform), Skype, in-person, and panel interviews. Point72 Interview Questions Some of the HireVue interview questions you may face during the hiring process with Point72 are as follows: How did you prepare for this interview? What is your biggest professional struggle? How do you deal with setbacks? What trading strategy do you use? When did you become interested in marketing? How Are Aptitude Tests Better Than Other Evaluation Methods? The Aptitude Test has recently been introduced as a part of companies’ pre-employment assessment. It is considered a more reliable method for estimating candidates’ innate abilities than trying to gauge their personalities from their résumé or interview conversation. Depending on the type of the Aptitude Test that they administrate to their prospective employees, employers may measure their numerical and verbal reasoning, situational judgement, or diagrammatical reasoning. What, therefore, employers try to evaluate is how well job applicants perform specific tasks or how they react to particular situations. There is no raw score on the Aptitude Test; that is, your score is not measured by the number of questions you got right. Rather, your score on the Aptitude Test is calculated relatively to the scores received by all job candidates taking the test with you. Because your score on the Aptitude Test hinges so conspicuously on the performance of others, it is essential to come to your pre-employment assessment well-prepared. Practice with JobTestPrep’s comprehensive resources and stand out from other candidates for your applied position. What Qualities Does the Personality Test Measure? It has lately become common for employers to invite their job candidate to take the Personality Test. Many companies have added this test to their pre-employment assessment, because they care to hire not only good professionals but also people with whom it is pleasant to be around. They also want to ensure that their future employees will not exhibit production, property, political deviance and personal aggression at workplace. Consisting of numerous multiple-choice questions, the Personality Test allows employers to create applicants’ personality profile with precision and accuracy. Questions posed on this test is usually of two types. Job candidates are required to estimate people’s emotional reactions to certain situations. Or they need to rank their own agreement with given statements on the scale from 1 to 10. Although you are expected to give only honest and impromptu answers on the Personality Test, this does not mean that you should not prepare for it. The Personality Test is usually long and tiring, and you can start making mistakes as you progress through it. Mistakes will make your personality profile skewed. To avoid representing yourself incorrectly, practice with JobTestPrep’s resources before you take your actual exam. How Can I Prep for a Panel Interview? Granted the panel interview is harder to pass than a one and one, but this also gives you the opportunity to ask questions and open up a discussion. Generally, 6 or 7 people will participate in the panel including managers and team leaders, who will switch off asking you questions to ensure you have a serious grasp of the technical and interpersonal aspects of the position. Much of the questioning will revolve around how you might correct work situations on a sliding scale, while other questions will be about your work past and even hobbies. Company culture and office atmosphere is a big thing these days. Why Is It Difficult to Succeed on the Test? Competition between job candidates has lately become truly fierce. Only few job candidates arrive to the last stage of the hiring process. The majority of them get eliminated after their pre-employment tests. Do not, therefore, show up on your examination unprepared. Doing poorly on your test may cost you employment in your desired company. Prepare for your upcoming test with JobTestPrep’s exclusive resources. With them, you can stay tall on your exam and become an employee of the company. Point72, Hirevue, Wonderlic, and other trademarks are the property of their respective trademark holders. None of the trademark holders is affiliated with JobTestPrep or this website. Get Started Now Money Back Guarantee JobTestPrep JobTestPrep Since 1992, JobTestPrep has stood for true-to-original online test and assessment center preparation. Our decades of experience make us a leading international provider of test training. Over one million customers have already used our products to prepare professionally for their recruitment tests. Our Websites Our Websites United Kingdom Germany Netherlands Denmark Sweden Norway Spanish TestPrep-Online Company Company About Us Privacy Careers Meet the Team Blog Test Expert Q&A Help Help Contact Us Terms & Conditions Partnerships Partnerships Affiliate Program Recruiters *JobTestPrep is not affiliated with these companies. Customers who signed up with us have been previously employed at these companies. Copyright © 2026 JobTestPrep. All Rights Reserved.