Skip to main contentCareersEnglishSign InCareers HomeJoin Our Talent CommunityPGIM Institutional Client Group | 2027 Summer Internship page is loadedPGIM Institutional Client Group | 2027 Summer InternshipApplylocationsLondon, United Kingdomtime typeFull timeposted onPosted Yesterdayjob requisition idR-125074Institutional Client Group Summer Internship 2027(PGIM Institutional Client Group, London)A GLOBAL LEADING ASSET MANAGER WITH A DIVERSE & INCLUSIVE CULTUREAs the Global Asset Management business of Prudential, we’re always looking for ways to improve financial services. We’re passionate about making a meaningful impact - touching the lives of millions and solving financial challenges in an ever-changing world.We also believe talent is key to achieving our vision and are intentional about building a culture on respect and collaboration. When you join PGIM, you’ll unlock a motivating and impactful career – all while growing your skills and advancing your profession at one of the world’s leading global asset managers! If you’re not afraid to think differently and challenge the status quo, come and be a part of a dedicated team that’s investing in your future by shaping tomorrow today.At PGIM, You Can!What you will doWe are seeking highly motivated internship candidates to join the Institutional Client Group (ICG) team as part of an 8+ week rotational program between June and September 2027. You will work closely with Associates and Managers marketing, onboarding and servicing EMEA based institutional investors across various asset classes and mandates managed by PGIM.What you can expectThe EMEA ICG Summer Internship program allows candidates to rotate across a range of institutional client facing functions including Client Management, Business Development and Investor Onboarding. It is designed to provide exposure to various roles within a client-facing group, as well as PGIM’s full breadth of investment offerings spanning public and private credit, real estate and equities.Our ICG interns develop an understanding of how PGIM serves institutional investors across the full client lifecycle, including how Business Development markets PGIM's strategies and builds the sales pipeline, how Client Onboarding brings new clients onto the platform and how Client Management then delivers ongoing service to existing clients.In addition, interns will gain a greater understanding of PGIM’s investment strategies their positioning, return drivers and operating frameworks.ICG operates at the centre of the organisation in that meeting our clients’ needs can touch all aspects of the business. In this respect the role provides an excellent opportunity to work with and partner with multiple groups across the organisation including Investment Teams, Risk Management, Portfolio Analysis, Research, Compliance, Legal and Operations.Interns will develop analytical thinking and technical skills required to successfully service current and prospective investors, work with teams which create new products and vehicles, and conduct analysis using our analytical tools and systems.Interns will have the opportunity to collaborate with senior team-members across groups to problem solve, understand and contribute to critical client and prospect facing issues, and implement solutions that address stakeholder demands.What you will bringCandidates must be enrolled in an accredited bachelor or master’s program graduating during 2028. A background in finance or economics is welcomed but not required; we value diverse fields of study and the varied perspectives they bring.Genuine proven interest in and enthusiasm for financial markets and investment management, together with a strong demonstrable interest in building collaborative partnerships and relationships.Strong organisational, analytical, and problem-solving skills.Effective written and verbal communication with the ability to communicate and work collaboratively across teams and with clients.Strong relationship-building and active listening skills, combined with persistence, self-motivation and the ability to work independently.Investor mindset and ability to think commercially to identify Sales opportunities.Proficiency in a Continental European language and/or Arabic is advantageous but not required.Attention to detail and commitment to accuracy.Ability to manage multiple priorities and meet deadlines.Proficiency in Microsoft Office and experience with AI tool, and the ability to learn business systems and reporting tools.Collaborative team player with a proactive approach.A well-rounded profile demonstrating sound judgment, adaptability and the interpersonal qualities essential to a client-facing environment. Candidates must have the right to work in the UK*PGIM welcomes all applicants, even if you don't meet every requirement. If your skills align with the role, we encourage you to apply.About PGIM – Institutional Client Group (ICG)The Institutional Client Group (ICG) is responsible for leading the development and implementation of the global strategy for PGIM's institutional client engagement, capital raising and business development activities across key markets and asset classes. The team partners closely with PGIM’s investment, marketing and product teams to deliver solutions for our clients and consultants. The team also focuses on building and maintaining strong, long-term relationships with the largest pensions, endowments, corporations, unions, sovereign wealth funds and family offices globally. Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity, and InclusionPGIM has a long-held commitment to advancing diversity, equity and inclusion, rooted in the belief that this is a prerequisite for PGIM's success and sustainability. We work to attract, retain, develop and promote talent at all levels and aim to have a workforce that reflects the communities where we work, live and invest. We are intentional about creating a workplace where everyone has a voice and is welcomed, valued, respected and understood. From the moment people join PGIM, we pledge to help them unlock their full potential. Together, we are shaping a future where talent knows no boundaries.-Prudential Financial, Inc. of the United States is not affiliated with Prudential plc. which is headquartered in the United Kingdom.Prudential is a multinational financial services leader with operations in the United States, Asia, Europe, and Latin America. Leveraging its heritage of life insurance and asset management expertise, Prudential is focused on helping individual and institutional customers grow and protect their wealth. The company's well-known Rock symbol is an icon of strength, stability, expertise and innovation that has stood the test of time. Prudential's businesses offer a variety of products and services, including life insurance, annuities, retirement-related services, mutual funds, asset management, and real estate services, some of which may not be available in your area.We recognize that our strength and success are directly linked to the quality and skills of our diverse associates. We are proud to be a place where talented people who want to make a difference can grow as professionals, leaders, and as individuals. Visit www.prudential.com to learn more about our values, our history and our brand.Prudential is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, genetics, disability, marital status, age, veteran status, domestic partner status , medical condition or any other characteristic protected by law.We are a Disability Confident Level 1 Employer, committed to creating an inclusive and accessible workplace for disabled people. If you require workplace adjustments to the hiring process, please discuss those with your recruiter directly.About PrudentialPrudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE: PRU), a global financial services leader and premier active global investment manager with approximately $1.4 trillion in assets under management as of Dec. 31, 2023, has operations in the United States, Asia, Europe, and Latin America. Prudential’s diverse and talented employees help make lives better and create financial opportunity for more people by expanding access to investing, insurance, and retirement security. Prudential’s iconic Rock symbol has stood for strength, stability, expertise and innovation for 150 years. For more information please visit news.prudential.com.Our Commitment to an Inclusive Workplace Prudential Financial, Inc. serves its customers in more than 40 countries and territories, and we seek talented, creative individuals from a variety of backgrounds, worldviews, and life circumstances to work with us. We are focused on creating a fully inclusive culture, where all employees feel comfortable bringing their authentic selves to work. We don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, support it, and thrive on it. At Prudential, employees have a unique opportunity to build their career path by owning their development, their career, and their future. We encourage employees to hone their skills and explore continued opportunities within Prudential.Read MoreAbout PGIMPGIM, the global asset management business of Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE: PRU), is a global investment manager with US $1.3 trillion in assets under management as of Dec. 31, 2023. With offices in 18 countries, PGIM’s businesses offer a range of investment solutions for retail and institutional investors around the world across a broad range of asset classes, including public fixed income, private fixed income, fundamental equity, quantitative equity, real estate, and alternatives. For more information about PGIM, visit pgim.com.Prudential Financial, Inc. (PFI) of the United States is not affiliated in any manner with Prudential plc, incorporated in the United Kingdom, or with Prudential Assurance Company, a subsidiary of M&G plc, incorporated in the United Kingdom. For more information please visit news.prudential.com.PGIM Inc. (PGIM) is the principal asset management business of Prudential Financial, Inc. (PFI), a company incorporated and with its principal place of business in the United States. PFI of the United States is not affiliated in any manner with Prudential plc, incorporated in the United Kingdom or with Prudential Assurance Company, a subsidiary of M&G plc, incorporated in the United Kingdom.Our Commitment to an Inclusive Workplace Prudential Financial, Inc. serves its customers in more than 40 countries and territories, and we seek talented, creative individuals from a variety of backgrounds, worldviews, and life circumstances to work with us. We are focused on creating a fully inclusive culture, where all employees feel comfortable bringing their authentic selves to work. We don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, support it, and thrive on it. At Prudential, employees have a unique opportunity to build their career path by owning their development, their career, and their future. We encourage employees to hone their skills and explore continued opportunities within Prudential.Read MoreCareer Site Privacy Notice© 2026 Workday, Inc. All rights reserved.