Consulting Skip to main content Quick search People & Culture Overview About our firm Being inclusive People profiles Learning and development Reward and recognition Awards IT’s Her Future Black heritage initiatives Apprentice Overview Audit Consulting Corporate Services Technology & Engineering Tax & Law Work Experience Applying to KPMG Parents, carers and teachers Undergraduate Overview Abilities Talent Insight Black Heritage Talent Insight Social Mobility Talent Insight Vacation programmes One Year Business Placement Applying to KPMG Graduate Overview Audit Consulting Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Experienced professional Overview Audit Consulting Corporate Services Deal Advisory Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Contractors Quick search Menu Close Your consulting ideas could improve people's lives Consulting graduate programmes Home > Graduate > Consulting Why Consulting at KPMG? Political norms are shifting. Regulatory changes are piling pressure on businesses. Social and environmental responsibilities are escalating, and with AI becoming universally adopted, the transformative power of technology is within reach for organisations everywhere. That’s where Advisory comes in. Advisory is the product of the combined capabilities of Consulting and Deals. It’s where we use our ability to use our deep subject matter expertise, trusted technology experience and human understanding to help businesses grow and transform safely. It’s an exciting place to be right now! How we make the difference in Consulting In Consulting, we immerse ourselves in our clients’ businesses, and apply sector knowledge and technology solutions to help companies grow and thrive. We make sure our clients have the right people with the right skills at the right time. We do this to make a positive difference, helping clients achieve their goals effectively. Our focus is on adding value across a range of areas such as; Customer, Risk & Regulatory, People, Financial and Operational Transformation through to Forensic Technology and Environmental Social Governance. We work across diverse sectors, from global organisations, to the public sector, to UK banks and more, offering you the chance to gain a real breadth of experience and challenges. Consulting for Graduates As a Graduate on our Consulting programmes, we offer limitless opportunities to work on interesting projects and really make your mark. The projects you could work on are dynamic and market-leading, such as innovative approaches to reducing carbon footprints or improving access to life-saving care. We always think about how we can apply the most innovative, tech-enabled and data-led solutions to give our clients real value and a competitive edge. Here you can be yourself and give your best – whoever you are and whatever your background. As a graduate with us, you’ll enjoy solving complex problems and making a meaningful difference to the businesses and communities we serve. You’ll have the chance to collaborate with, and learn from, leading industry experts, building a diverse network that will support you throughout your career journey. With the KPMG community by your side, you’ll be able to grow in your own way and feed your curiosity through a balance of client experience and training. Search all Consulting graduate programmes Explore Consulting graduate programmes Programme overview Actuarial Customer and Operations Forensic, Risk and Assurance Corporate Services and People Regulatory & Risk Actuarial Search and apply Explore this programme Our Actuarial team help organisations within the insurance industry to manage financial risk. Graduates on this programme use detailed analysis of past events to create accurate models of the future – and advise on their financial implications. It's work that makes a meaningful and positive difference for our clients. Qualifying as an Actuary requires drive and motivation. You’ll be asked to produce detailed analyses and communicate the commercial implications of complex topics. It’s a highly technical role, best suited to graduates who are ambitious and enjoy working with numbers, studying an honours degree or post graduate degree in a numerical or analytical subject, for example Actuarial Science, Maths, Statistics, Data Science, Economics, Engineering or Physics. During the programme you will have the opportunity for varied learning and training opportunities and will study to gain the Actuarial qualification in three to five years. You’ll need to be driven and highly motivated to qualify as an Actuary and have a passion for producing detailed analyses and able to communicate the commercial implications of complex topics. Customer and Operations Explore this programme Customer and Operations is all about connecting – making sure entire enterprises are working together in a way that is more customer-centric, digital and at a lower cost. In a world where AI can tip the balance between human and machine, you’ll be at the forefront of innovation, getting clients to find that balance and thrive. From day one of the graduate scheme, you’ll provide organisations with fact-based, actionable insights, helping them see what’s coming next; identifying threats, innovations and opportunities that always put people at the heart, all while ensuring efficiency and high performance. You could be operationalising artificial intelligence to automate systems, designing facilities for patient-focused healthcare, or working with governments to put citizens at the heart of their services, to name just a few of the projects we work on. Forensic, Risk and Assurance Explore this programme On our Forensic, Risk and Assurance Graduate Programme, you’ll work with clients across a variety of sectors and gain structured training, building your commercial and financial awareness, as well as the skills you need to build the career you want. If you are interested in understanding how businesses operate, the risks they face and how to protect them, then this is the programme for you. Over the three years, you’ll develop and refine specialist business, technology, and accounting investigation skills while improving our clients’ governance, risk management and control environments. You could be helping diffuse challenging situations through investigations and compliance, fraud risk management, corporate intelligence, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, and dispute advisory services. You could also be providing valuable insight and commercial recommendations to our clients to support them in achieving their business objectives by conducting in-depth analyses of data and business processes. Corporate Services and People Explore this programme Corporate Services and People is an exciting area to join, encompassing People, Finance Transformation, Enterprise Performance Management and Global Business Services. We help organisations evolve through people, performance and transformation. In the face of technological disruption, increasing regulation, fast-changing customer needs and a competitive talent market, we have a vital role to play in supporting businesses and providing a platform for growth. For every external market force, there is an internal organisational opportunity, from embracing AI and automation and responding faster to regulatory change, to rethinking the employee experience. On this programme, you could be working with KPMG clients to get them ready to implement change, identifying the right insights to improve performance, harnessing the power of data, improving efficiency, reducing costs and making the most of technology. You’ll think critically about how to evolve workforces for the future, providing insight to help corporate decision-making and help transform finance and/or people functions to help organisations remain resilient through change. Regulatory & Risk Explore this programme Our Regulatory & Risk Advisory Graduate programme is designed to give you the experience and core consulting skills you need to get your career off to a flying start. You'll build your commercial understanding and business acumen to deliver real value to our clients straight away. The work is not only interesting and varied, but it's also high profile. With the current economic climate and in a world of increasing complexity, clients and Regulators are focusing ever more closely on risk and regulatory issues. You will be working across multiple teams that advise clients on dynamic regulatory compliance programmes and helps them to integrate sustainability into Risk management functions to ensure they are doing right by the environment and society. You can expect to work in Modelling and Model Risk Management, Financial Risk and Resilience, Wholesale, and Retail. Our three-year programme gives you the chance to build your experience and develop your expertise in Risk management across the entire financial sector, as part of our 'learn for a lifetime' philosophy. With the support of our learning community, you’ll work toward the CIMA professional qualification. Connect with us: https://www.facebook.com/KPMGRecruitment/ https://www.instagram.com/kpmgukcareers/ https://www.linkedin.com/company/kpmg-uk/ https://www.youtube.com/@KPMGUKCareers Apprentice Audit Consulting Corporate Services Technology & Engineering Tax & Law Work Experience Applying to KPMG Parents, carers and teachers Undergraduate Abilities Talent Insight Black Heritage Talent Insight Social Mobility Talent Insight Vacation programmes One Year Business Placement Applying to KPMG Graduate Audit Consulting Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Experienced professional Audit Consulting Corporate Services Deal Advisory Tax & Law Technology & Engineering Applying to KPMG Quick Links FAQ Search and apply Contact us People profiles Legal Privacy Accessibility Cookies Modern Slavery Act Visit kpmg.co.uk Cookie Settings © 2026 KPMG LLP, a UK limited liability partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organisation of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved. For more detail about the structure of the KPMG global organisation please visit home.kpmg/governance. Back to top ;