Australia | Insight Investment Skip to main content Skip to main navigation Responsible investment Corporate Select a channel Institutional investors Financial advisers Retail with financial adviser Australia Close Select location United Kingdom United States Australia Belgium Canada Deutschland Denmark España Finland France Ireland Italia Luxembourg Netherlands Norway Österreich Portugal Sweden Switzerland Insight Investment Insight Investment logo How we work with you Solutions Solutions Fixed income Risk management Insight High Income Fund Currency Close Perspectives Perspectives Fund and regulatory documents Close Search Basic search Search Close Close Main Navigation How we work with you Solutions Perspectives Select a channel Responsible investment Corporate Australia Back Close Solutions Fixed income Risk management Insight High Income Fund Currency Perspectives Fund and regulatory documents Select a channel Institutional investors Financial advisers Retail with financial adviser Select location United Kingdom United States Australia Belgium Canada Deutschland Denmark España Finland France Ireland Italia Luxembourg Netherlands Norway Österreich Portugal Sweden Switzerland Important information Please read and accept the disclaimer below to continue. Choose your investor type Select Institutional investors Financial advisers Retail with financial adviser Close You are in Select United Kingdom United States Australia Belgium Canada Deutschland Denmark España Finland France Ireland Italia Luxembourg Netherlands Norway Österreich Portugal Sweden Switzerland FOR WHOLESALE INVESTORS ONLY. This section of the website is for the use of Wholesale Investors (as defined under the Corporations Act) resident in Australia only, and is not suitable for, or to be relied upon by, retail investors. If you are not a Wholesale Investor resident in Australia, please leave this section of the website and enter a different section of the website which is appropriate to you, via the homepage. Please read the following important information regarding the use of this section of the website. This Important Information should be read alongside, and is in addition to, the Legal Terms and Conditions (accessible by clicking on the 'Terms and Privacy' link at the bottom of each page of the website). You can progress to your chosen area of this website by accepting this disclaimer. By clicking 'Accept' you confirm that you have read and accepted this Important Information for use of this section of the website and the Legal Terms and Conditions in their entirety (each as amended from time to time). If you do not agree to this Important Information or the Legal Terms and Conditions you must not use this section of the website. This section of the website contains information on funds and services that may be sold, offered or delivered in Australia only. The information in this section of the website does not constitute either an offer to sell, a solicitation, or an offer to buy in a country in which this type of offer or solicitation is unlawful, or in which a person making such an offer or solicitation does not hold the necessary authorisation to do so. It is also not directed at investors, in those cases where the law prohibits this type of offer or solicitation from being made. Any applications or requests for further information received from persons not resident in a jurisdiction where the fund for which they are applying (or in respect of which they are seeking information) is registered, may be refused at Insight's discretion. Information on the pages in this section of the website may not be suitable for all investors. Part of this section of the website contains products that are suitable for professional and institutional investors only. It is important that you do not rely upon the content of this website for investment decisions. Please contact a financial adviser before making any investment or financial decisions. Important Disclosures Opinions expressed whether in general, on the performance of individual funds, or in a wider economic context, represent the views of the contributor at the time of preparation. They are subject to change and should not be interpreted as investment advice, which Insight Investment is not authorised to give. Past performance is not a guide to future performance. The value of investments and any income from them will fluctuate and is not guaranteed (this may be partly due to exchange rate fluctuations). Investors may not get back the full amount invested. Investment involves risk, including the possible loss of principal. No assurance can be given that the performance objectives of a given strategy will be achieved. If you are in doubt about the suitability of an investment, please contact your financial adviser. Regulatory Information and Registered Offices In Australia the business of Insight is conducted by Insight Investment Australia Pty Ltd., which is regulated by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (Licence No. 230541), and registered in Australia (ABN 69 076 812 381). Services in Australia are carried out by IIMGL, which is exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian Financial Services licence in respect of the financial services it provides to wholesale investors in Australia and is authorised and regulated by the (UK) Financial Conduct Authority under UK laws, which differ from Australian laws. Insight Investment Management (Global) Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (no. 119308). Registered in England and Wales. Registered number: 00827982. Registered office: 160 Queen Victoria Street London EC4V 4LA. VAT number GB 577 7181 95. Insight Investment is the corporate brand for the companies managed or administered by Insight Investment Management Limited. Insight Investment includes Insight Investment Management (Global) which provides asset management services. The Insight Investment group of companies are wholly owned subsidiaries of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation. BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may also be used as a generic term to reference the Corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. Products and services may be provided under various brand names and in various countries by subsidiaries, affiliates and joint ventures of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation where authorized and regulated as required within each jurisdiction. Unless you are notified to the contrary, the products and services mentioned are not insured by the FDIC (or by any governmental entity) and are not guaranteed by or obligations of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation or any of its affiliates. The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation assumes no responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the above data and disclaims all expressed or implied warranties in connection therewith. Decline Accept Close You are in Select United Kingdom United States Australia Belgium Canada Deutschland Denmark España Finland France Ireland Italia Luxembourg Netherlands Norway Österreich Portugal Sweden Switzerland FOR WHOLESALE INVESTORS ONLY. This section of the website is for the use of Wholesale Investors resident in Australia only, and is not suitable for, or to be relied upon by, other investors. If you are not a Wholesale Investor resident in Australia, please leave this section of the website and enter a different section of the website via the homepage which is appropriate to you. Please read the following important information regarding the use of this section of the website. This Important Information should be read alongside, and are in addition to, the Legal Terms and Conditions (accessible by clicking on the 'Terms and Privacy' link at the bottom of each page of the website). You can progress to your chosen area of this website by accepting this disclaimer. By clicking 'Accept' you confirm that you have read and accepted this Important Information for use of this section of the website and the Legal Terms and Conditions in their entirety (each as amended from time to time). If you do not agree to this Important Information or the Legal Terms and Conditions you must not use this section of the website. This section of the website contains information on funds and services that may be sold, offered or delivered in Australia only. The information in this section of the website does not constitute either an offer to sell; a solicitation; or an offer to buy in a country in which this type of offer or solicitation is unlawful, or in which a person making such an offer or solicitation does not hold the necessary authorisation to do so. It is also not directed at investors, in those cases where the law prohibits this type of offer or solicitation from being made. Any applications or requests for further information received from persons not resident in a jurisdiction where the fund for which they are applying (or in respect of which they are seeking information) is registered, may be refused at Insight's discretion. Information on the pages in this section of the website may not be suitable for all investors. Part of this section of the website contains products that are suitable for professional and institutional investors only. It is important you do not rely upon the content of this website for investment decisions. Please contact a financial adviser before making any investment or financial decisions. Important Disclosures Opinions expressed whether in general, on the performance of individual funds, or in a wider economic context, represent the views of the contributor at the time of preparation. They are subject to change and should not be interpreted as investment advice, which Insight Investment is not authorised to give. Past performance is not a guide to future performance. The value of investments and any income from them will fluctuate and is not guaranteed (this may be partly due to exchange rate fluctuations). Investors may not get back the full amount invested. Investment involves risk, including the possible loss of principal. No assurance can be given that the performance objectives of a given strategy will be achieved. If you are in doubt about the suitability of an investment, please contact your financial adviser. Regulatory Information and Registered Offices In Australia the business of Insight is conducted by Insight Investment Australia Pty Ltd., which is regulated by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (Licence No. 230541), and registered in Australia (ABN 69 076 812 381). Services in Australia are carried out by IIMGL, which is exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian Financial Services licence in respect of the financial services it provides to wholesale investors in Australia and is authorised and regulated by the (UK) Financial Conduct Authority under UK laws, which differ from Australian laws. Insight Investment Management (Global) Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (no. 119308). Registered in England and Wales. Registered number: 00827982. Registered office: 160 Queen Victoria Street London EC4V 4LA. VAT number GB 577 7181 95. Insight Investment is the corporate brand for the companies managed or administered by Insight Investment Management Limited. Insight Investment includes Insight Investment Management (Global) Limited (IIMG which provides asset management services. The Insight Investment group of companies are wholly owned subsidiaries of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation. BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may also be used as a generic term to reference the Corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. Products and services may be provided under various brand names and in various countries by subsidiaries, affiliates and joint ventures of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation where authorized and regulated as required within each jurisdiction. Unless you are notified to the contrary, the products and services mentioned are not insured by the FDIC (or by any governmental entity) and are not guaranteed by or obligations of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation or any of its affiliates. The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation assumes no responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the above data and disclaims all expressed or implied warranties in connection therewith. Decline Accept Close You are in Select United Kingdom United States Australia Belgium Canada Deutschland Denmark España Finland France Ireland Italia Luxembourg Netherlands Norway Österreich Portugal Sweden Switzerland FOR RETAIL INVESTORS ONLY. This section of the website is for the use of Retail Investors resident in Australia only, and is not suitable for, or to be relied upon by, other investors. If you are not a Retail Investor resident in Australia, please leave this section of the website and enter a different section of the website via the homepage which is appropriate to you. Please read the following important information regarding the use of this section of the website. This Important Information should be read alongside, and are in addition to, the Legal Terms and Conditions (accessible by clicking on the 'Terms and Privacy' link at the bottom of each page of the website). You can progress to your chosen area of this website by accepting this disclaimer. By clicking 'Accept' you confirm that you have read and accepted this Important Information for use of this section of the website and the Legal Terms and Conditions in their entirety (each as amended from time to time). If you do not agree to this Important Information or the Legal Terms and Conditions you must not use this section of the website. Decline Accept New terrain, enduring lessons The global economic order is changing. Old assumptions no longer hold, and new risks and opportunities are emerging. Read more Outcomes matter We chose a different approach to managing assets. Our aim is to help you maximise the certainty of achieving your desired outcome. Read about our solutions We chose a different approach to managing assets. Our aim is to help you increase the certainty of achieving your desired outcome. The risks that influence how you achieve your desired outcome are key. We place significant emphasis on diagnosing those risks. We offer a comprehensive array of tools to target risks more precisely and build solutions that are more resilient to future shocks. Corporate profile: Introducing Insight Download 256 kb Insight’s goal has been to solve the real investment problems faced by our clients, with our capabilities focused on areas where we believe we can deliver an edge. Charles Martin, Head of Distribution, APAC Investing responsibly Investing responsibly Insight seeks to help our clients achieve their desired outcomes and to reflect their priorities. This lies at the heart of our approach to responsible investment. We analyse ESG issues alongside other investment risks and, where appropriate, engage with companies and governments to better understand all of the issues that affect them. Read more Back to top Connect with us Email us: insightau@insightinvestment.com Call us: +61 2 9260 6645 Level 2, 1-7 Bligh Street, Sydney NSW 2000. Terms and conditions Privacy notice Employee privacy notice Cookie notice Fraud notice Modern slavery act 1 All data as at 30 June 2026. Insight's assets under management reflects the AUM of Insight, the corporate brand for certain companies operated by Insight Investment Management Limited (IIML). Insight includes, amongst others, Insight Investment Management (Global) Limited (IIMG) and Insight North America LLC (INA), each of which provides asset management services. Insight's assets under management are represented by the value of cash securities and other economic exposure managed for clients. Insight Investment Management (Global) Limited is exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian financial services licence under the Corporations Act 2001 in respect of the financial services; and is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) under UK laws, which differ from Australian laws. This material is for wholesale clients only and is not intended for distribution to, nor should it be relied upon by, retail clients. Manage Cookies © 2026 Insight Investment. All rights reserved.