2027 Investment Management Summer Analyst Programme - Global Sales and Marketing (London) - Morgan Stanley Campus We and our partners use cookies and similar tools (“Cookies”) as necessary to provide digital services and for additional “Optional” purposes, such as for analytics, performance, functionality (such as search functionality), and marketing purposes (including targeted advertising). Please click “Accept Optional Cookies” to consent to Optional Cookies, “Reject Optional Cookies” to disable Optional Cookies. For more information, please review our Cookie Policy . Accept Optional Cookies I accept the cookie policy Reject Optional Cookies I would like to opt out of cookies Read more about our cookie policy Skip to content Login Register Toggle navigation Home Global Programs Campus Events Help Center 2027 Investment Management Summer Analyst Programme - Global Sales and Marketing (London) City London Education Level Bachelor's Degree, Master's Degree Business Unit Investment Management Job description Since 1935, Morgan Stanley is known as a global leader in financial services, continuously evolving and innovating to better serve our clients and our communities in more than 40 countries around the world. Morgan Stanley Investment Management (MSIM), together with its investment advisory affiliates, has about $2 trillion in assets under management or supervision as of June 30, 2026. With 1,366 investment professionals worldwide, and 56 offices in 25 countries, MSIM is able to provide in-depth local knowledge and expertise while channelling the strength of our global presence and resources. Morgan Stanley Investment Management strives to provide outstanding long-term investment performance, outstanding service, and a comprehensive suite of investment management solutions to a diverse client base, which includes governments, institutions, corporations, and individuals worldwide. Placement and duration The Morgan Stanley Summer Analyst Program in London runs for 10-weeks and offers you the opportunity to join a world class equity boutique including firm training and networking as well as on the desk training. Training Program London-based training begins in June with one week of intensive classroom training, including an introduction to Morgan Stanley, followed by team specific training. Throughout the internship, you will be exposed to business speakers and practical sessions as you continue to become familiar with the asset management industry. Roles and Responsibilities Opportunities exist within the following teams across MSIM Global Sales and Marketing: Client Relationship Management (CRM): This team sits within Distribution (Sales & Marketing) and plays a core role in the management of client relationships across the full lifecycle — from onboarding through to ongoing servicing and strategic engagement. The team collaborates with clients and internal partners to anticipate client needs, solve challenges, and unlock the firm’s full capabilities to help them achieve their investment goals. Global Sales: MSIM Sales teams are responsible for raising capital for investment teams. Sales teams introduce prospective clients to MSIM and present investment capabilities that meet requirements specified by the client. To do this, they must understand client needs, markets and competitors, maintain strong relationships and co-ordinate communication and activities between multiple parts of the organisation. Sales teams are the key points of contact with prospective and existing clients and are the key relationship owners throughout the client lifecycle. Sales provide coverage across the institutional and intermediary channels and are organized geographically: North America, Europe, Middle East and Africa, Latin America, Asia (ex Japan/China), Japan and China. Distribution Management : This team supports the International (EMEA, Latin America, and Asia) Sales organisation and Senior Sales Management by delivering reporting, responding to sales queries, overseeing sales governance, and developing processes and management information to support business objectives. The team also leads a variety of strategic and ad hoc projects to enhance operational efficiency and support growth initiatives. Marketing: This team supports the delivery of marketing campaigns, events, and strategic initiatives across the business. Working closely with sales, design, marketing operations, and product marketing teams, the team coordinates project execution, event logistics, campaign analytics, and stakeholder communications. The team also provides administrative support, manages event calendars, facilitates speaker coordination, and contributes to ad hoc research projects, including competitor, social media, and website analysis. Qualifications/Skills/Requirements: You are pursuing an undergraduate or Master’s degree, minimum 2.1 with an expected graduation date between December 2027 and July 2028 You demonstrate a keen interest in the financial markets You have excellent communication skills You have an excellent academic background and fluency in English You are a strong team player; ability to collaborate with colleagues across MSIM and the broader organization You are a self-starter with the ability to work independently You are driven, highly motivated and result-focused You have strong organizational skills with the ability to manage time efficiently and effectively You are detail oriented and have the ability to multi-task and work efficiently within tight time constraints Application Process and Deadline We recruit on a rolling basis so application is encouraged as soon as possible. We aim to review all applications within a timely manner, however our response times may vary due to high volumes. Please be assured that you will receive an update via email as soon as a decision on your application has been reached, and kindly note we are unable to accommodate any requests to accelerate the timelines of our application process. What you can expect from Morgan Stanley We have a track record of innovation and passion for unlocking new opportunities, we help our clients raise, manage and allocate capital. We do this by offering a wide range of investment banking, securities, wealth management and asset management services. All that we do at Morgan Stanley is driven by our five core values: do the right thing, put clients first, lead with exceptional ideas, commit to diversity and inclusion, and give back. These aren’t just beliefs, they guide the decisions we make every day, ensuring we do what's best for our clients, communities and more than 80,000 employees around the world. And at the core of our success are the people who drive it - relentless collaborators and creative thinkers who are fuelled by diverse thinking and experiences. Wherever you are in our 1,200 global offices, you’ll have the opportunity to work alongside the best and the brightest in an environment where you are empowered to achieve your full potential. We are proud to support our employees and their families at every point along their work-life journey, offering some of the most attractive and comprehensive employee benefits and perks in the industry. To learn more about our offices across the globe, please copy and paste https://www.morganstanley.com/aboutus/global-offices into your browser. Morgan Stanley is an equal opportunity employer committed to building and maintaining a workforce that is diverse in experience and background. Our recruiting efforts reflect our strong commitment to a culture of inclusion, where individuals are hired, developed, and advanced based on their skills and talents. Our workforce reflects a broad cross-section of the global communities in which we operate, bringing a variety of backgrounds, talents, perspectives, and experiences. For more information, please visit: https://www.morganstanley.com/people-opportunities/eeo . Job Level Intern Program Summer Analyst View cookie / data protection and privacy policy twitter linkedin youtube Disclosures Investor Relations Corporate Governance Newsroom Careers © 2026 Morgan Stanley. All rights reserved. Your Privacy Choices Terms of Use Contact Us Global Offices Equal Employment Opportunity