Early Careers - Oxera Skip to content Skip to main content Toggle Toggle Search Submit X People Insights Expand Children Agenda Reports Courses Events Expertise Expand Children Analytics and Data Science Antitrust Antitrust Damages Artificial Intelligence (AI) Behavioural Economics Collective and Class Actions Commercial Litigation and International Arbitration Finance and Valuation Governance Infrastructure Intellectual Property Market Investigations Mergers Performance, Productivity and Efficiency Public Policy and Impact Assessment Regulation State Aid and Subsidy Control Strategy Sustainability and Climate Change Transaction Advice Sectors Expand Children Digital Energy Financial Services Pharmaceuticals and Life Sciences Retail and Consumer Postal and Logistics Telecoms, Media and Technology Transport Water Careers Expand Children Current vacancies Early Careers Locations Expand Children Belgium France Germany Italy Netherlands Spain United Kingdom About us Expand Children Celebrating 40 years Climate Commitment Diversity and Inclusion Media Centre Oxera Economics Council Home / Careers Early Careers What difference will you make? Joining Oxera means being an influential member of a team of passionate individuals who love working with people, and solving complex problems for our clients. At Oxera, you’ll work closely with industry-leading Partners in an ambitious, supportive and caring environment, and have a real influence from day one. Your thirst for knowledge and curiosity will be nurtured as you work on projects across a range of sectors and industries. Technical expertise is the foundation of all our work—and we, like you, strive for excellence in the fields of economics, finance and data science. We’re looking forward to the critical and creative thinking that you’ll bring to help us solve real-world problems. Why Oxera? We value our team members and treat everyone as individuals. At Oxera, you’ll be a member of a tight-knit team that cares for one another, and work collaboratively to make a real difference to our clients’ issues. If you’re looking for a company that cares about your personal and professional growth, and a team that is dedicated to delivering exceptional results, Oxera is the place for you. Together, we can make a real difference in the world. Learn more about being part of our team Working at Oxera Our colleagues represent a wide range of nationalities, between us we speak and work in over 30 different languages. View our current vacancies “Working at Oxera is an opportunity to apply rigorous analysis to the real world, and do our bit to improve society. It’s a place where you’re heard and can learn from a competent and thoughtful team” Nicolás Fajardo Acosta Analyst, Berlin Our career stories Get a glimpse behind the scenes and keep up to date with everything going on by following us on Instagram . Contact us Based in: Belgium France Germany Italy Netherlands Spain United Kingdom [email protected] +44 (0) 20 7776 6600 Privacy Policy Cookies Terms of business Terms of use Terms of engagement Modern slavery and human trafficking statement Oxera Consulting LLP is a limited liability partnership registered in England and Wales No. OC392464 Registered office: Park Central, 40/41 Park End Street, Oxford, OX1 1JD, UK