Media Centre - Lloyd's Skip to main content Back to Menu About Lloyd's Market resources Insights Contact Investors Careers Locations Log in About Lloyd's About Lloyd's Lloyd’s is the only insurance marketplace of its kind in the world. We bring together the world’s leading risk takers to advance global progress. Explore Lloyd's In the spotlight Our company Our people Our impact Investor relations Policyholders In the spotlight Half Year Results 2026 We have announced our Half Year Results for 2026. The Lloyd’s market delivered a solid first half performance, with gross written premium of £34.7bn and a combined ratio of 90.8%. View the results Join the Lloyd’s market Join the best minds in the industry. Access the expertise, knowledge and insights to protect and develop your business. How to join the market Our company Understanding the Lloyd's market Our strategy Our history The Lloyd's building Corporation governance Join the Lloyd's market Our people Careers Culture Our impact Sustainability Community involvement Investor relations Overview Financial results Non-financial reporting Our ratings Capital structure Syndicate reports and accounts Capital Markets Day Policyholders Policyholders Market resources Market resources Find and access the information, tools and resources you need when working in or with the Lloyd’s market. View all market resources Our featured resources Market communications Oversight Reporting Regulatory Market Directory Services Tools Our featured resources Requirements of the Lloyd's Council The rules which govern the Lloyd's market including byelaws and other requirements. View the requirements Crystal+ Crystal+ provides Lloyd’s market participants with quick and easy access to global regulatory, compliance and tax information, supporting our market in writing globally compliant business. Learn more about Crystal+ Latest market bulletins Market Bulletins are the formal means of Lloyd’s informing the market of business critical issues. View market bulletins Market communications Market bulletins Regulatory Communications Corporate notices Oversight Market oversight Delegated Authority Capital and reserving Underwriting Capital and Planning Group Claims Customer oversight Reporting Business Timetable Syndicate accounts and financial reporting Future of reporting Regulatory Regulatory Information Tax information Requirements for participating in the Lloyd's market Market Directory Market Directory Brokers Coverholders Managing agents Members' agents and advisors Open market correspondent Associations Services Multinational business at Lloyd's Member Services Learning at Lloyd's Culture resources Investment Complaints Lloyd's Agency Network Salvage Arbitration Branch Building facilities Tools All tools Insights Hub Crystal+ Delegated Authority tools Insights Insights Stay on top of all the latest news impacting the insurance marketplace and understand the innovations, trends and insights impacting the risk landscape. View all insights Featured insights News Risk Insights Innovation Education Featured insights Lloyd's Lab - the heart of innovation for insurance An award winning space dedicated to accelerating and fostering new products and solutions fit for the needs of our customers around the world. Explore Lloyd's Lab Lloyd's Academy The industry-leading commercial education platform for risk professionals to deepen their knowledge, strengthen their network, and leverage the unrivalled power and solutions of the Lloyd’s market. Discover more about Lloyd's Academy News News Events Media centre Risk Insights Risk reports Innovation Lloyd's Lab Education Lloyd's Academy Contact Investors Careers Locations Log in Search Lloyd's Media centre Home About Lloyd's Media centre Welcome to the Lloyd’s media centre Explore our press releases, read our key facts and figures, download copyright free images and find contact details for the Lloyd’s media relations team. You can also find links to our risk reports, exec bios, news and further information about Lloyd’s. Press releases Stay up to date with the latest press releases from Lloyd's. Find out more Facts and figures Read our key facts and figures from the Lloyd's market. Find out more Photo gallery View and download copyright free images. Find out more Contact the press office For all press enquiries, get in touch with us using the following details. If you would like to request a speaker for an event, conference or podcast you’re hosting, you will need to complete our speaker request form. +44 (0)20 7327 5111 pressoffice@lloyds.com Complete speaker request form Useful links About Lloyd’s About Lloyd’s Discover more about Lloyd’s, the world’s specialist insurance market. Culture at Lloyd’s We are committed to creating an inclusive culture that attracts the most talented people in the world. Investor relations Learn more about our financial ratings and the recent financial performance of the Lloyd’s market. Executive team Learn who sits on our Executive Team and read their profiles. The Future at Lloyd’s Find out how we’re creating the world’s most advanced insurance marketplace. Lloyd’s Lab Explore Lloyd’s Lab, the heart of innovation for insurance. News Subscribe for the latest updates Market Bulletins Tax news and updates Support Contact us FAQs Glossary & acronyms Accessibility Useful organisations Market resources Market Directory Crystal+ All market resources Legal Privacy Cookies Terms and conditions Modern Slavery Act Statement Subscribe for the latest updates Market Bulletins Tax news and updates Support Contact us FAQs Glossary & acronyms Accessibility Useful organisations Market resources Market Directory Crystal+ All market resources Legal Privacy Cookies Terms and conditions Modern Slavery Act Statement Follow us © Lloyd’s 2026. Lloyd’s and Corporation of Lloyd’s are registered trademarks of the Society of Lloyd’s. Lloyd’s is authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000.