Transportation And Services | Oliver Wyman Consulting Skip to main content We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand Learn More search Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search Highlights Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search search Highlights menu close Transportation And Services // . // Industries // Transportation And Services What We Do What We Think Breakthroughs Solutions Who We Are What We Do The broader transportation ecosystem is a critical part of the world economy, moving people, goods, and information around the globe. We advise clients on the innovations and pressures that are changing the industry — from digitization and new mobility, to changes in regulations and trade flows. By understanding the nuances of each transport sector, we connect the dots across the ecosystem, bringing the best ideas from a range of industries to our clients’ businesses. Our expertise Aerospace And Defense We help clients navigate disruption and capture opportunities in the aerospace and defense sector. Aviation We support clients on improving their businesses today — and making them durable for the future. Express And Postal We help postal and express firms address the challenges of innovation, competition, e-commerce, and globalization. Logistics, Freight, And Third Party Integrators We advise clients on meeting the challenges of disruption and turning their logistic networks into strategic assets. Rail And Public Transit We advise private and state-owned freight and passenger operators, equipment manufacturers and investors worldwide on strategic, commercial and operational challenges. Travel And Leisure Our track record of helping clients transform their businesses has made us a trusted adviser in this sector. Oliver Wyman Vector Oliver Wyman is a leading international management consulting firm that combines deep industry knowledge and expertise to create breakthroughs for clients. What We Think Load More We are sorry, we could not find any results. Please refine your search and try again. Solutions Integrated planning for smarter aviation decisions Oliver Wyman’s Integrated Planning Solutions combine data, analytics, and insights to assess performance and optimize commercial and operational trade-offs — from network planning through day-of-operations. PlaneStats transforms data and analytics into actionable intelligence, bringing together reliable aviation information and a powerful suite of analytical tools to help you generate meaningful, decision-ready insights. Who We Are Load More We are sorry, we could not find any results. Please refine your search and try again. Footer XF Risk and insurance Reinsurance and capital People and investments Management consulting We're a global professional service firm bringing together capabilities across risk, reinsurance and capital, people and investments, and management consulting — building the confidence to thrive through the power of perspective. Terms Of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Statement On Accessibility Manage Cookies © 2026 Oliver Wyman, LLC. All Rights Reserved.