Government And Public Institutions | Oliver Wyman Skip to main content We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand Learn More search Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search Highlights Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search search Highlights menu close Government And Public Institutions // . // Industries // Government And Public Institutions What We Do What We Think Breakthroughs Solutions Who We Are What We Do We advise leaders across all levels of government on developing innovative solutions to complex problems. Our work spans the spectrum of societal issues, including economic development, cost management, tax, security, labor, and governance. We leverage our deep understanding of the rapidly shifting socio-economic challenges facing nations and provide clients with the breadth of expertise across Marsh’s operating companies Marsh Risk, Mercer, and Nera. With deep experience in policy design and implementation, our teams help public-sector authorities stay ahead in a fast-changing world. We bring commercial best practices and public sector acumen to support heads of state, ministers, heads of agencies, and other senior leaders with their greatest challenges, in areas such as strategy, risk management, operations, and organization transformation. Our expertise Anti-Financial Crime City and Destination Development Climate Economic Development Fiscal Stability Public Sector Excellence and Efficiency National Human Capital Development Defense and Security Financial Growth What We Think Load More We are sorry, we could not find any results. Please refine your search and try again. Who We Are Load More We are sorry, we could not find any results. Please refine your search and try again. Footer XF Risk and insurance Reinsurance and capital People and investments Management consulting We're a global professional service firm bringing together capabilities across risk, reinsurance and capital, people and investments, and management consulting — building the confidence to thrive through the power of perspective. Terms Of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Statement On Accessibility Manage Cookies © 2026 Oliver Wyman, LLC. All Rights Reserved.