 JP Morgan Online Assessment - Pymetrics Test Practice (2026) AI CV AI Interview Log in Browse Tests Browse Tests Browse Tests Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Test Free Abstract Reasoning Test Free Psychometric Test Free Numerical Reasoning Test Free Numerical SHL Test Free Critical Thinking Test Free Personality Test Free Pilot Aptitude Test Free Verbal Reasoning Test Free Spatial Reasoning Test Tests Providers Tests Providers SHL Watson Glaser Cut-e/Aon Saville Arctic Shores Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Sova Pymetrics TestGorilla Hogan CCAT & UCAT Best Seller Products Best Seller Products Banking Summer Internship Watson Glaser Public Health Specialists SHL Arctic Shores Cut-e/Aon Saville Executive Aptitude Tests Banking Spring Internships Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Qantas Pilots Psychometric Test Thomas GIA Raven's Progressive Matrices McKinsey Problem Solving (Imbellus) Personality & Behavioural Personality & Behavioural Situational Judgement Test Thomas GIA Saville Aptitude Test Cubiks Test OPQ32 Adept-15 Korn Ferry Leadership Potential Predictive Index (PI) McQuaig Word Survey Myers Briggs Other Popular Assessments Other Popular Assessments Emirates Cabin Crew Test UBS Assessment BKSB Test Ravens Progressive Matrices Saville Aptitude Test Amazon Assessment SHL Excel Questions Video Interview Prep Arctic Shores Premium Membership AI CV AI Interview About Us Log in AI CV AI Interview My PrepPacks™ Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Tests Free Aptitude Test Free Abstract Reasoning Test Free Psychometric Test Free Numerical Reasoning Test Free Numerical SHL Test Free Critical Thinking Test Free Personality Test Free Pilot Aptitude Test Free Verbal Reasoning Test Free Spatial Reasoning Test Tests Providers Tests Providers SHL Watson Glaser Cut-e/Aon Saville Arctic Shores Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Sova Pymetrics TestGorilla Hogan CCAT & UCAT Best Seller Products Best Seller Products Banking Summer Internship Watson Glaser Public Health Specialists SHL Arctic Shores Cut-e/Aon Saville Executive Aptitude Tests Banking Spring Internships Korn Ferry/Talent-Q Qantas Pilots Psychometric Test Thomas GIA Raven's Progressive Matrices McKinsey Problem Solving (Imbellus) Personality & Behavioural Personality & Behavioural Situational Judgement Test Thomas GIA Saville Aptitude Test Cubiks Test OPQ32 Adept-15 Korn Ferry Leadership Potential Predictive Index (PI) McQuaig Word Survey Myers Briggs Other Popular Assessments Other Popular Assessments Emirates Cabin Crew Test UBS Assessment BKSB Test Ravens Progressive Matrices Saville Aptitude Test Amazon Assessment SHL Excel Questions Video Interview Prep Arctic Shores Premium Membership Homepage Banking Tests Pymetrics JP Morgan Practice Homepage Banking Tests Pymetrics JP Morgan Practice JP Morgan Online Assessment - Pymetrics Test Practice (2026) JP Morgan Online Assessment - Pymetrics Test Practice (2026) 4.8 150 Reviews If you're applying for a role at JPMorgan , your application will likely be screened by the Pymetrics Games Assessment. Many qualified candidates are eliminated at this stage - not because they lack the skills for the job, but because they don't understand how the games work or what the assessment is measuring. With our PrepPack, you can practice all 12 Pymetrics Games - including guides, explanations, and proven solving strategies. Access this course and more with our Banking Summer Internship PrepPack ! Pymetrics JP Morgan Practice 4.8 150 Reviews JP Morgan 1 Month Summer Internship 1 Month Summer Internship 3 Months One-Time Payment 1 Month Access Realistic practice tests & study guides Created by experts with a focus on accuracy Full prep for JP Morgan + the following banks: Blackstone Barclays HSBC Morgan Stanley Deutsche Bank UBS BNP Paribas Fidelity Nomura Jefferies RBC Capital Markets Goldman Sachs Bank of America Citi Santander Schroders Citadel Macquarie Group Standard Chartered Houlihan Lokey Wells Fargo PJT Partners BDO Global Crédit Agricole Rothschild & Co. Moelis & Co Lazard Lloyds Blackrock Also Available: 6 Months Access ( see here ) Note: This product cannot be included in the Premium Membership Show More Money Back Guarantee Hadassah, Cognitive Test Developer at JobTestPrep I am Hadassah Goldberg, a Cognitive Test Developer at JobTestPrep, holding a BSc in Neuroscience and Cognition Studies with a minor in Philosophy. With extensive experience in education and content development, I specialize in providing expert insights and strategies for various assessments. I am also responsible for creating test questions and instructional videos for our PrepPacks, ensuring that each resource supports learners in achieving their full potential. Have a question? Contact me at: ask_the_team@jobtestprep.co.uk Join our Society partnership programme! Email us to learn more. What is JP Morgan Pymetrics Assessment? Right after submitting your application to any position, internship, or graduate program, you will get an invitation to take the Pymetrics games. It includes a series of 12 mini-games, each takes 2-3 minutes to complete, and the whole assessment is around 25-30 minutes long. The games are based on well known psychological experiments, and they aim to measure 91 social, cognitive, and behavioral traits of your personality. Once complete, your personality profile is passed on to JP Morgan, where it’s compared to their benchmark. Note: You can take the games only once a year. Moreover, even if you played it for a different firm, you still can’t take it again for a full year and your score is passed on between firms. You only have one chance! The full 12 games list, all ready for practice: Balloon Game Tower Game Money Exchange #1 Money Exchange #2 Keypress Game Hard or Easy Task Game Digits Memory Stop Game Arrows Game Lengths Game Cards Game Faces Game What Does JP Morgan Look for in Pymetrics? JP Morgan use Pymetrics to assess your fit for a specific position. Their top performers in each position played the same games themselves. Then, the system analyzed their personality traits and comprised a kind of a dream candidate profile, which is now the benchmark. Each candidate’s profile is compared to this benchmark and is given a compatibility score. So, to understand what exactly JP Morgan is looking for, you need to research each individual position. Understand what would make a good employee for that specific role and try to emphasize these traits while taking the test. How to Pass JP Morgan Pymetrics Assessment? Pymetrics measures every step you take while playing the games, which makes it that much harder to prepare for it. The probability to understand and pass the games without proper interactive practice and personalized reports is close to none. Let's look at one of the more complicated games on the test. Tower Game In the Pymetrics Tower Game, you are introduced to three towers with different colors disks stacked on them, and a target image of how the towers should look like in the end. Your task is to reorganize the disks according to the target, in the least amount of moves possible. In our JP Morgan Pymetrics practice pack, you will have the chance to play the game for yourself. Once you are finished, you will get a report, such as this. This report includes the parameters measured when you play. For instance, in the Tower Game, you are not only measured by the number of moves you make, but also by the time you spent planning your moves. After getting this report you will get a full guide about the game, including explanations and tips, such as this: Since the planning and strategy skills are being measures, we recommend that you do not click on the disks and start to move them right away. Instead, take a few seconds to think about the steps you are going to take in order to show you are planning your strategy. After getting your report, guide and solving tips, you can go back and practice as many times as you like, until you get it right. Improve your score using JobTestPrep's JP Morgan Pymetrics practice, the only available practice with accurate simulations - just like in the real test. Buy the Pymetrics Games Practice Bundle Go to our dedicated Pymetrics Games page to get detailed information and explanations on all 12 games. JP Morgan Hiring Process JP Morgan HireVue Virtual Interview The recruiting process will look the same for every position: Online application Pymetrics games HireVue virtual interview Superday Offer The online application is pretty straightforward. Given that you answer all requirements, you will get the automatic invitation email to take the Pymetrics assessment. Note: Usually these emails are sent in waves. Some candidates will get it right after completing the application, others will have to wait a couple of days or so. Either way, it has no meaning whatsoever. Right after completing the Pymetrics games, you will get an automatic invite to take the HireVue virtual interview . Again, this is sent to every candidate, and getting it does not mean you passed the assessment. Only after you passed the Pymetrics + HireVue stage, you will be scheduled for a Superday. This is a very popular format for interviewing candidates, using the HireVue AI platform . The same as with Pymetrics, this platform as well monitors everything that you say and do, in order to build a personality profile. You will have up to 8 questions to video record yourself answering. For each question, you will get one chance to practice, meaning record an answer and then delete it to record a new one. The questions are not the same for every candidate and are administered randomly from a pool of questions. Here are some examples from past candidates: Discuss a major world event and how it could affect financial markets. Provide an example of a project where you sought out relevant information and used it to develop a plan of action. Describe the situation, actions you took and the outcome. Provide an example of a project you worked on with a team. Describe the situation, actions you took and the outcome. Describe a situation in which you learned something significant from a mistake you made at work or in a school project. Why do you want to work for JP Morgan? Why do you think you are qualified for this position? Describe a time when you had to show someone complex information and simplify it for them. Note: JP Morgan hires on a rolling basis, which means it is better to apply early. Even if it’s months before the deadline. The HireVue interview lacks social dynamics, which is a major factor in regular interviews. Combined with AI interview that monitor your every move, this format requires you to come up with optimal responses and appearance. You must perfect both the content and nonverbal communication cues of your delivery. Read more about how our occupational psychologists can help overcome this obstacle when preparing for the HireVue interview. 🔍Taking Multiple Finance Tests? HSBC | UBS | Bain & Co | Macquarie | Morgan Stanley | EIB | Deloitte | Deutsche Bank | Barclays | KPMG | PWC | Lazard | EY | Nomura | BCG | BNP Paribas | Jefferies | Moelis & Co | RBC | BoA | AlixPartners | Fidelity | Lloyds | PJT Partners | Job Simulation | Pre-recorded Video Interview | HireVue Interview Bundles: Summer Internship | Spring Week | MBB - Big 3 | Big 4 JP Morgan Summer Internship Applying for the JP Morgan Summer Internship? Ensure you're fully prepared and check out our Summer Internship PrepPack - a comprehensive, up-to-date preparation pack tailored to equip you for success. JP Morgan Graduate Scheme The JP Morgan Graduate Scheme is a structured development programme designed to fast-track recent graduates into key roles across various sectors such as investment banking, technology, asset management, and risk management. The scheme lasts 24 to 36 months and combines formal training with practical, on-the-job experience. It offers participants mentorship and exposure to global teams. Graduates develop technical skills and leadership abilities through this immersive experience, positioning them for long-term careers at JP Morgan. The scheme typically seeks candidates with strong academic records, often a minimum of a 2:1 degree or equivalent in relevant fields such as finance, economics, or computer science. Upon completion, graduates often secure permanent positions within the firm, benefiting from a solid foundation and valuable global exposure in the financial industry. The recruitment process for the JP Morgan Graduate internship is competitive and includes submitting an online application and completing a series of Pymetrics game-based assessments . Successful candidates then participate in the HireVue video interview and, for some roles, a final assessment centre . Reviews Of Our Finance PrepPacks ﻿ Customer reviews 4.8 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Based on 150 reviews 5★ 129 4★ 20 3★ 1 2★ 0 1★ 0 Abstract user icon Moritz F. Verified Buyer ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Great job! Really enjoyed it, specifically the situational stuff Published date: 9/16/2026 Abstract user icon Charles B. Verified Buyer ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Really helped me prep. . . Really helped me prep. . . Published date: 9/10/2026 Abstract user icon David P. Verified Buyer ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ great Yes Published date: 9/10/2026 Abstract user icon Marianna C. Verified Buyer ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Tests were the same as on the online assessment Great for practice, recommend it if you are applying! Published date: 9/9/2026 Abstract user icon Jessica F. ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ yes yes Published date: 9/8/2026 1 2 3 4 5 ... 30 JP Morgan, Pymetrics and other trademarks are the property of their respective trademark holders. None of the trademark holders are affiliated with JobTestPrep. Get Started Now Money Back Guarantee JobTestPrep JobTestPrep Since 1992, JobTestPrep has stood for true-to-original online test and assessment centre preparation. Our decades of experience make us a leading international provider of test training. Over one million customers have already used our products to prepare professionally for their recruitment tests. Our Websites Our Websites Arabic Site Denmark Germany Netherlands Norway Sweden United States TestPrep-Online Company Company About Us Meet the Team Privacy Contact Us Blog Answers from Experts Help Help Contact Us Terms & Conditions Refund Policy Partnerships Partnerships Affiliate Programme Recruiters Higher Education Copyright © 2026 JobTestPrep. All Rights Reserved.