Job vacancy - Lane Clark & Peacock LLP | LCP Careers Skip to main content Menu Early careers Early careers Back Early careers We offer a huge range of opportunities for those starting out in their careers. Find out more about our internship and graduate programmes and the opportunities we can offer. Learn more Graduate programme Summer internships Health postgraduate internship Pensions administration trainee programme Women's Talent Academy Graduates spotlight LCP graduates share their experience on their first few weeks at the firm, what they enjoyed most and the advice they would give anyone starting a graduate role. Our B Corp™ certification Why LCP became a Certified B Corp and how this commitment guides our work, decisions and responsibility to people, clients and the wider world. Discover more Experienced hires Experienced hires Back Experienced hires At LCP you can find a rewarding career in a supporting and empowering culture. Find out about job opportunities for experienced hires. Learn more Find a role Our vision & values LCP fuses human expertise with powerful analytics, guided by four values: Curious, Accountable, Connected and Agile. Explore LCP's podcasts Listen to the latest episodes of LCP's podcasts on all major podcast platforms. Find out more Life at LCP Life at LCP Back Life at LCP Find out more about life at LCP, our people principles and our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion. Learn more Our benefits Our vision & values Inside LCP Our candidate charter Graduates spotlight Diversity, Equity and Inclusion How we embed diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) within our people principles and across the work we do. Discover more LCP's impact report Discover how we're shaping a more positive future. Read more Our stories Get in touch Menu Explore LCP Home Experienced hires Life at LCP Our stories Get in touch Find a role Home Find a role Job vacancy DC Investment & Governance - Summer Internship 2027 Business area Early Careers Location London Job ID 325067 LCP is an award-winning actuarial and analytics consultancy providing advice on pensions, insurance, investments, energy, employee benefits and health. We fuse human expertise with powerful analytics to shape a more positive future for our clients and people. The Opportunity: Gain experience in a role that strikes a balance between technical value-add work, building strong client relationships with industry giants and major corporations, including FTSE 100 companies. You will experience using data and complex models to make a tangible difference to the lives of millions of employees and DC pension scheme members. The Role: As a Summer Intern on the team, the type of work you can expect to be involved with is: · Shape Retirement Futures: Understand how we advise trustees and employers on DC pension schemes, optimising default investment strategies and investment options for members and advising on manager selection · Responsible investment: Learn how we advise clients around responsible investing, including climate risks and opportunities associated with different investment strategies. Influence how clients shape their investment strategy and interact with asset managers for the good of members and beyond · Driving member engagement: See the ways in which we advise clients on communication tactics for better member engagement and outcomes · Beyond Pensions: Support us craft tailored employee financial wellbeing strategies, using data analytics to support both immediate goals and long-term savings · Market knowledge: Get an insight as to how we remain updated on financial market shifts and how they impact clients and their performance against their objectives What We’re Looking For: · A-Level A grade in Maths or an equivalent numerical subject · Studying for a Degree in any subject and on track for a 2:1 · Strong IT skills, including programming languages, coding, financial modelling, and data analysis · Problem solving, numeracy and analytical skills · Professionalism – including timeliness, reliability and dedication to meet deadlines to support client needs · Excellent communication skills Why should you choose LCP? · Vibrant Culture: Join an environment brimming with fun, collaboration, and mutual growth · Gain Experience: Build your knowledge with exposure to real projects and work · Network: Opportunity to learn from experienced professionals and build a network · Future Opportunities: Potential for future career opportunities on our Graduate Programme · A Celebration of Diversity: At LCP, every voice matters. We champion a space where all forms of diversity are celebrated, ensuring everyone feels seen, heard, and valued Take a look at our Career stories to find out why people love working at LCP. You would be joining a multi-award winning, fun, collaborative, people first organisation where your personal and professional skills will be developed to make you the best you can be. Apply Now: Ready to embark on a career where your potential knows no bounds then don’t delay click on the apply now button! Please note: Roles may close as early as Friday 16 October 2026 if we receive a high volume of applications, so apply as soon as you can. Accessibility: LCP is committed to making our opportunities accessible to all. If you would like to talk to someone about any adjustments you may need to assist with your application process, please contact our Early Careers recruitment team by emailing [email protected] to arrange a confidential conversation. Apply now Connect with us Glassdoor YouTube LinkedIn Instagram We fuse human expertise with powerful analytics to shape a more positive future. Legal notices Privacy & cookies Accessibility Modern Slavery Information security All content © copyright 2026 Lane Clark & Peacock LLP. All rights reserved. Jump to top