Job Application for Director of Investments and Pensions at Monzo Back to jobs Director of Investments and Pensions London Apply 🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ 📍London | 💰£130,000 - £170,000 + equity + Incentive Awards tied to your performance + Benefits ✨ Our Wealth team ⭐ We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We believe managing your money and growing your wealth over the long term should be much simpler than it is today. For too long, traditional providers and investment platforms have made wealth feel complex, opaque and inaccessible - especially for people who are just getting started or whose needs are evolving over time. Monzo Wealth helps customers build and manage their financial future through Savings, Investments and Pensions. Our ambition is to become a lifetime partner for building family wealth: helping people make confident, informed decisions about how they save, invest, optimise for tax and plan for retirement. We’re looking for a Director of Investments and Pensions to join our Wealth Collective and help lead this strategically important area of growth for Monzo. We already serve hundreds of thousands of investing customers and operate one of the UK’s largest and fastest pension consolidation services. Reporting to the Wealth GM, you’ll translate our Wealth strategy into a clear customer, commercial and growth agenda for Investments and Pensions. You’ll develop the rationale for new commercial opportunities, build high-quality recommendations and business cases, and create the cross-functional alignment needed to deliver measurable outcomes in a complex, regulated environment 🔑 You’ll play a key role by... Drive business growth and customer outcomes Identify new commercial growth opportunities (including new investment offerings, partnerships and markets), size their impact, develop cohesive business cases, and secure buy-in from GM Wealth and other senior stakeholders. Manage monthly commercial growth plans - identify opportunities to optimise acquisition/transfers, engagement, and retention. Contribute Investments & Pensions expertise to EU expansion planning, identifying localisation needs, partner implications and commercial trade-offs Develop pricing recommendations and business cases, in partnership with Finance, Product and the Wealth GM. Manage a high performing team, inclusive of direct report(s) as well as influencing the cross-functional squad assigned to this area. Drive investment selection and ongoing due diligence Evaluate asset range performance and define target state. Conduct due diligence to ensure consumer fair value and suitability. Liaise with asset manufacturers and assess potential new partnerships. Support development of educational content that caters to a wide range of customers, from first time investors to established wealth-builders Help scale Investments & Pensions into Europe Own the Investments & Pensions workstream within market entry planning, in collaboration with country leads, covering commercial requirements, partner implications and operating model considerations. Work with market, regulatory, product and operational teams to understand local tax wrappers, investment norms, customer needs and competitive dynamics. 🤩 We’d love to hear from you if… You have significant experience scaling consumer investment businesses, including operating at a senior leadership level. You combine strong commercial judgement and data literacy with the ability to turn customer, market and performance insights into clear recommendations and action. You’re comfortable moving between strategy and execution — seeing the bigger picture, breaking ambiguous problems into practical steps and moving quickly to deliver. You bring deep Investments expertise and can apply it to areas such as investment propositions, asset selection, due diligence, pricing and customer outcomes within a regulated environment. You’re an exceptional cross-functional leader who can connect the dots across different parts of a business, build alignment and influence senior stakeholders. You’re a strong people leader and communicator who can coach high-performing teams, raise the quality of thinking and execution around you, and adapt your approach for different audiences. 🙌 What’s in it for you 💰 £130,000 - £170,000 ➕ equity ➕ Incentive Awards tied to your performance. 📍 This role will be based in London, however you’ll be expected to travel to Monzo’s offices in the UK and EU countries from time to time. ⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team. 📚 £1,000 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences. 🏡 We will set you up to work from home; all employees are given MacBooks and for fully remote workers we will provide extra support for your work-from-home setup. ➕ Plus lots more! Read our full list of benefits . 🌈 The application journey has 4 key steps Short call with the recruiter 30 min call with the GM of Wealth 2 hours of technical and leadership principles interviews Final Exec Call This process should take around 5-6 weeks - your schedule is really important to us, so we promise to be as flexible as possible! We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo. You can read them here. We’ll only close this role once we have enough applications for the next stage. Please submit your application as soon as possible to make sure you don’t miss out. #LI-OS1 Equal opportunities for everyone Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our blog , 2026 Diversity and Inclusion Report and 2025 Gender Pay Gap Report. We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status. If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊 Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf 🇺🇸 Are you a US Person? * Select... A US Person is defined as someone who: was born in the United States (US) has at least 1 parent who was born in the US is a naturalised citizen of the US is a green card holder is a US tax resident 🔐 Keeping your data safe is really important to us. Please take a look at our Candidate Data Privacy Notice (linked below) and confirm that you have. * Select... 🔗 Candidate Data Privacy Notice . If you’d like to, please share your preferred pronouns (eg. they/them/theirs, she/her/hers). If you'd like to, please spell out your name how it's pronounced so we know how to say it. 🛂 Please confirm your Right to Work status in the location where this job is advertised. * Select... We legally have to verify that you have the right to work in the location where you'd be working from. Your answer to this question won't affect the outcome of your application, unless you'd need visa sponsorship but are applying to a role we don't sponsor. 👤 Identity survey Our goal at Monzo is to make money work for everyone. To do that, working at Monzo must work for everyone. We want to create an equitable, engaged and innovative workplace which gives people from all backgrounds the support they need to thrive and grow. Making Monzo work for everyone starts right at the beginning of every Monzonaut's journey: when they apply to work here. This demographic survey will help us better understand the people who apply to work at Monzo. It'll help us see how different groups progress through our hiring process, and where we need to make improvements to be more inclusive. If you choose to fill it out, all of the information you give us is: Voluntary . And we've included a "prefer not to say" option for every question. It'd be helpful if you still fill out the survey even if you choose "prefer not to say" for every question, as it's useful for us to understand & record this. We won't know if you choose to fill this survey in or not. Anonymous to Monzo . We can't tie your responses to you and they won't make a difference to the outcome of your application. We'll only use grouped responses for equal opportunities monitoring in our hiring process. For more information on how we'll use this data, please read our candidate privacy notice . By filling out this survey, you agree that we can use your responses for the purposes we've mentioned above. You are not letting us know if we need to make any adjustments to the hiring process because of disability or neurodiversity - to do this please email us. How would you describe your gender identity? Select... Do you identify as transgender? Select... What's your sexual orientation? Select... Do you identify as having a disability? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodivergent? Select... How would your describe your ethnicity? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse