Careers - Vista Equity Partners Search Site… ✕ About About 25 years at the forefront of enterprise software investing. Firm About Vista Team Sustainability Portfolio Value Creation Companies Opportunities Careers Strategies Strategies Investing across the software lifecycle with tailored equity and credit solutions. Private Equity Credit White Paper Investing in Enterprise Software Learn from Robert F. Smith why enterprise software remains a compelling opportunity for value creation. White Paper Demystifying Generative AI Explore how Gen AI is redefining industries. News + Insights News + Insights Vista’s latest news and insights from the forefront of enterprise software and AI investing. News Insights by Vista Forefront Investing in AI Outlook Software’s Transition to Agentic Enterprise AI Learn more on how Vista is measuring AI impact across the Vista portfolio. Video Software’s Next Chapter: Robert F. Smith on The Next Era of Enterprise Platforms Watch Robert F. Smith outline how Vista sees the next chapter of enterprise software unfolding in the age of AI. Wealth Professionals Wealth Professionals A differentiated investment partner for advisors and their clients. Wealth Professionals Overview Evergreen Private Equity Evergreen Credit Resources Insights by Vista Forefront Investing in AI AI in Practice AI In Practice The State of Wealth Management AI Adoption Learn how wealth management firms are adopting, governing and scaling AI. Investor Login Back Careers at Vista We foster a culture where collaboration fuels success and every voice matters. Explore Vista Jobs Explore Portfolio Jobs Our Values A Foundation for Success Our vision is to be the premier investor in enterprise software, driving access and investment into the digital economy. 01 Honor the Opportunity We believe in doing what is right, not what is easy. We earn the trust and confidence of our partners and each other by acting with respect, integrity and accountability. 02 Operate With Excellence We commit to being exceptional and own the result. We strive to be the best version of ourselves while holding each other to the highest standards. ​ 03 Embrace Collaboration We believe that inclusivity and diverse perspectives enable our shared success. We reward teamwork and celebrate those who collaborate to deliver exceptional results. ​ 04 Relentlessly Improve We have a constant drive to evolve. We champion a culture of learning and growth to ensure we are always advancing, innovating and the best ideas win. ​ Our Benefits and Wellness Comprehensive Coverage We offer medical, dental and vision plans, plus 401(k) with employer match. Generous Time Off With paid holidays and open PTO, employees have time to recharge. Health & Wellness We s upport employee well-being with programs that enhance overall health and wellness . Family Focus We offer paid parental leave and reimbursable benefits to help cover family planning and expenses. Our Culture Life at Vista Diversity & Inclusion We recognize diverse perspectives and inclusion as a force for business innovation and better outcomes. Employee Resource Groups ERGs foster connection, mentorship and community, and are open to all full-time employees. Philanthropic Partnerships Through Vista Gives, we support expanding access to education, supporting economic mobility and leveraging technology to address social challenges. Employee Matching Gifts Program We support important causes by matching employee donations to eligible charitable organizations annually. Learning & Career Development We empower employees to grow their careers through ongoing training and development. Our Signature Partners Amplifying Our Impact We partner with dozens of organizations to give back to our communities. Each office selects a signature partner annually to donate capital, time and resources. AUSTIN SAN FRANCISCO CHICAGO NEW YORK Our People Get to Know Our Team View Our Team Rachel Arnold Unlocking Opportunity Aaron Gupta Empowering Entrepreneurs Aditi Shroff Continuously Improving Ashley MacNeill Pursuing Solutions Bessie Watts Impact at Scale Brendan Renehan Building an Exceptional Team Brooke Nakatsukasa Creating Future Leaders Tara French Doing Your Diligence Join the Team Explore Opportunities Across Our Firm and Our Portfolio Companies Explore Vista Jobs Explore Portfolio Jobs About About Vista Team Sustainability Value Creation Companies Careers Strategies Private Equity Credit News + Insights News Insights by Vista Forefront Investing in AI Wealth Professionals Overview Evergreen Private Equity Evergreen Credit Insights by Vista Forefront Investing in AI AI in Practice More Information Investor Login Contact Us By the Numbers FAQs AI Glossary Subscribe to Our LI Newsletter Stay informed with Vista’s latest news, insights and perspectives on enterprise software investing. Subscribe Join Our Mailing List Get exclusive updates, thought leadership and event invitations delivered directly to your inbox. Join Now Invest in Operational Intelligence. sm Copyright © 2026 by Vista Equity Partners Management, LLC Privacy Disclosures Sustainable Investment Policy Cookie Settings Join Our Mailing List ✕ Media Relations Inquiry ✕ Institutional Investors Inquiry ✕ Get in Touch with Our Private Wealth Solutions Team ✕ Get in Touch with Our VistaOne Team ✕