Job Application for Lead Machine Learning Scientist, Search at Monzo Back to jobs Lead Machine Learning Scientist, Search Cardiff, London or Remote (UK) Apply 🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ 📍London/Cardiff/UK Remote | 💰 £115,000 - £150,000 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance + Benefits ✨ About our Machine Learning Search Team We are currently embarking on one of our two top strategic priorities to make Money work for Everyone: building the Monzo Co-pilot. We are becoming an intelligent, proactive ally that handles the complexity of users financial life. We aren't just selling financial products; we are building a truly smart agent that understands users, anticipates their needs, and helps people reach their financial goals. Our ML Search team brings together Backend, Product, Machine Learning Scientists and Data Scientists. As a Lead Machine Learning Scientist, you’ll build and ship models that help customers search for and find answers about their financial lives. You'll make it effortless for them to find the right products at the exact moment they need them. Whether it’s surfacing the right savings product at the perfect moment, helping customers manage their spending, or simplifying financial planning, our work makes banking smarter, more intuitive, and truly customer-first. What you’ll be working on: As a Lead Machine Learning Scientist, you'll be a technical leader and individual contributor. We have a modern, cloud-native data platform with billions of rows of data built for fast iterations. You'll leverage your deep expertise to develop and deploy advanced ML models to our more than 15 million customers. Your work may involve user and product embeddings to better understand customer behaviours, contextual bandits for optimising real-time decisions, or personalised ranking algorithms that improve search and discovery. You'll also build scalable, explainable, and responsible AI solutions that enhance trust, transparency, and the overall customer experience. The technical approaches you take to help solve customer problems will be very much in your hands and we’ll strongly encourage and support experimentation and innovation. We’ll be expecting you to justify and demonstrate effectiveness along the way, making sure the approach meets our business and customer needs. You should apply if: What we’re doing here at Monzo excites you! You have a multiple year track record of excellence leading the development and deployment of advanced Machine Learning models to tackle real business problems preferably in a fast moving tech company You have experience developing and shipping state of the art ML models to production and delivering business impact You're impact driven and excited to own the end to end journey that starts with a business problem and ends with your solution having a measurable impact in production You have a self-starter mindset; you proactively identify issues and opportunities and tackle them without being told to do so You speak Python fluently and have extensive, hands-on experience with scikit-learn . You are comfortable using SQL, and keen to learn Go lang which is used in many of our backend microservices You’re comfortable working in a team that deals with ambiguity and have experience helping your team and stakeholders resolve that ambiguity You want to be involved in building a product that you (and the people you know) use every day You have a product mindset : you care about customer outcomes and you want to make data-informed decisions You're excited about fast-moving developments in Machine Learning and can communicate those ideas to colleagues who are not familiar with the domain You’re adaptable, curious and enjoy learning new technologies and ideas Nice to haves: Experience working on personalisation, ranking & recommendation problems for consumer applications Commercial experience writing critical production code and working with microservices The interview process: Our interview process involves 3 main stages. We promise not to ask you any brain teasers or trick questions! 30 minute recruiter call 45 minute call with hiring manager Full Loop: ML Modelling Interview, Product & ML interview, Behavioural Interview, Leadership interview Our average process takes around 3-4 weeks but we will always work around your availability. What’s in it for you: ✈️ We can help you relocate to the UK ✅ We can sponsor visas 📍This role can be based in our London office, but we're open to distributed working within the UK (with ad hoc meetings in London). ⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, at times that suit you and your team. 📚Learning budget of £1,000 a year for training courses and conferences ➕And much more, see our full list of benefits here If you prefer to work part-time, we'll make this happen whenever we can - whether this is to help you meet other commitments or strike a great work-life balance #LI-REMOTE #LI-SR1 Equal opportunities for everyone Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our blog , 2026 Diversity and Inclusion Report and 2025 Gender Pay Gap Report. We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status. If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊 Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf If you’d like to, please share your preferred pronouns (eg. they/them/theirs, she/her/hers). If you'd like to, please spell out your name how it's pronounced so we know how to say it. 🔐 Keeping your data safe is really important to us. Please take a look at our Candidate Data Privacy Notice (linked below) and confirm that you have. * Select... 🔗 Candidate Data Privacy Notice . LinkedIn Profile Are you a US tax resident? * Select... 🛂 Please confirm your Right to Work status in the location where this job is advertised. * Select... We legally have to verify that you have the right to work in the location where you'd be working from. Your answer to this question won't affect the outcome of your application, unless you'd need visa sponsorship but are applying to a role we don't sponsor. 👤 Identity survey Our goal at Monzo is to make money work for everyone. To do that, working at Monzo must work for everyone. We want to create an equitable, engaged and innovative workplace which gives people from all backgrounds the support they need to thrive and grow. Making Monzo work for everyone starts right at the beginning of every Monzonaut's journey: when they apply to work here. This demographic survey will help us better understand the people who apply to work at Monzo. It'll help us see how different groups progress through our hiring process, and where we need to make improvements to be more inclusive. If you choose to fill it out, all of the information you give us is: Voluntary . And we've included a "prefer not to say" option for every question. It'd be helpful if you still fill out the survey even if you choose "prefer not to say" for every question, as it's useful for us to understand & record this. We won't know if you choose to fill this survey in or not. Anonymous to Monzo . We can't tie your responses to you and they won't make a difference to the outcome of your application. We'll only use grouped responses for equal opportunities monitoring in our hiring process. For more information on how we'll use this data, please read our candidate privacy notice . By filling out this survey, you agree that we can use your responses for the purposes we've mentioned above. You are not letting us know if we need to make any adjustments to the hiring process because of disability or neurodiversity - to do this please email us. How would you describe your gender identity? Select... Do you identify as transgender? Select... What's your sexual orientation? Select... Do you identify as having a disability? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodivergent? Select... How would your describe your ethnicity? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse