Japan TEFL | TravelGrad top of page START YOUR OVERSEAS ADVENTURE APPLY/ENQUIRE REQUEST A PLACE Home About Us Opportunities Thailand TEFL Taster China Teaching Experience Vietnam TEFL Korea 365 Japan TEFL TEFL Course Members Area Members Area - Thailand Members Area - South Korea Members Area - China Members Area - Japan Members Area - Vietnam More Use tab to navigate through the menu items. TAKE CONTROL OF YOUR TEACHING ADVENTURE IN JAPAN Turn your dreams of experiencing Japan into a well-paid reality on this 12-month immersive teaching adventure. With its quirky culture, orderly cities, age-old tradition and stunning scenery, Japan is the kind of place that’ll keep you on your toes. Somehow seamlessly blending calm with chaos and old with new, it’s a land of contradictions — and one that requires much more than a quick visit to understand. On this 12-month teaching adventure, you’ll immerse yourself in all things Japan. BBQ your nights away at cosy Izakaya, get right in the thick of things on the daily commute and try learning one of the most unique languages around. Wherever your adventure takes you, it won’t be disappointing. Now, let’s make this happen! This is the opportunity for you if… -> You’re in (or have just graduated from) your final year of uni and are ready for a challenge that satisfies your urge to travel and kickstarts your career. -> You’re fascinated by Japanese culture and language, and you want to experience it for yourself on a much deeper level than any short visit could provide. -> You’ve explored other ways to teach in Japan, but the bureaucracy is way too confusing — you want to take an easier route that doesn’t dampen your excitement. -> You’re curious to try teaching, and you’re ready to go all in to find out if it’s the right career path for you. Is that you? Great. We’ve got you. Since 2014, we’ve been connecting globally-minded grads with exciting alternatives to the traditional ‘grad job’ we’re all bored of hearing about. After starting our own careers abroad, we discovered the world has so much more to offer than life at home — and we’re all about helping you see and experience it. We’ve designed our services to create a safe, supported way to catapult yourself into the unknown. It’s not as scary as it sounds with us in your pocket: we’re here to guide, support and advise you every step of the way, so you can be sure you’re making a great decision. ​The 12-month hassle-free teaching adventure that you can start at any time. Get your journey to Japan off the ground quickly and easily with 1:1 guidance and support from an experienced team that’s got your back. Find a job quickly and easily Finding a teaching job in Japan doesn’t have to be hard. We’ve cut out the hassle to connect you with legit schools that’ll accept your application at any time of year. Forget competing with thousands of candidates and secure a position without the stress. Take control of your adventure Get ready — you’re in the driving seat of your own experience. Tell us where you want to work and when you want to go. We’ll do everything we can to meet your preferences, so you can live the adventure you’re dreaming of, whether that’s teaching a class of your own in rural Japan or assisting a local teacher in Osaka. Skip the confusion, fast-forward to the fun The Travel Grad team is here to guide you through all the confusing stuff — from gathering legal docs to applying for your visa. We’ll tell you which documents you need to submit and when, giving you peace of mind you’ll get it right the first time. ​ First-time teacher? Awesome! A 120-hour online TEFL course will get you up to speed with the need-to-know best practices and classroom management hacks before you leave. You’ll arrive in Japan with the confidence and energy to take charge of the classroom and impact your students’ learning. Make friends for life from day one Around 80% of Travel Grads are solo travellers. If that’s you too, know that you’re not alone. You’ll meet the rest of the group over WhatsApp before heading off, so you can chat, meet up and arrive in Japan with a ready-made group of friends to share your journey with. Immerse yourself in Japanese culture Enjoy Japan in all its glory. We’re talking about the energetic, head-spinning madness of it all. Gain unrivalled cultural knowledge, make friends with the locals, get a taste of the renowned nightlife and lose yourself in the freedom of living abroad with people just like you. YOUR PLACEMENT OPTIONS Are you a supporting act or centre stage kind of grad? We ask because you’ve got two choices: you can either become an Assistant Language Teacher or run the show. It’s up to you… Japan Assist [Language Assistant Programme] School: Japanese public school(s) Position: Teaching assistant Schedule: Work at multiple schools on different days of the week Requirements: Driving licence required to drive between schools (this is a must) Salary: 220k Yen per month (Gross. There are some deductions for tax, insurance, health etc. Note too that your will be required to pay your own accommodation costs from your salary). Japan TEFL [Main Classroom Teacher] School: Private language centre Position: Main classroom teacher Schedule: Work at multiple branches of the same company on different days of the week Salary: 240-250k Yen per month (Gross. There are some deductions for tax, insurance, health etc. Note too that your will be required to pay your own accommodation costs from your salary). You’ll need to decide before you go, but no sweat. You can chat with our team about the options or have your questions answered on a call. That’s what we’re here for. Oh, and the best part? Once you’ve chosen your placement, we’ll guarantee your choice and make sure it’s met. WHEN DO YOU WANT TO GO? 2 OPTIONS: Option 1: Public school Start Date: March & September Application Deadline: 30 June [March Intake] & 31 January [September Intake] Option 2: Private school Start Date: Any Time You Like Application Deadline: 6+ months before you wish to arrive ​ Let’s Get Your Journey off the Ground ​ Apply/Enquire or ​​Request A Place ​ Depending how decided you are on it all, you are good either to Apply/Enquire or Request A Place . Those who have been following us online for a while, have chatted with us on WhatsApp, or have had a friend go through the process already, often opt for the latter, whilst those completely new to the whole thing tend to opt for the former. We don't mind either way however - You are good to choose whichever option feels right for you! ​ ​ Those opting to Apply/Enquire can expect to hear back from us within a couple of days. Eligible applicants will be invited onto a 20/30 minute Discovery Call with a friendly member of our small team! On this comprehensive call, we will go through absolutely everything, from applicant eligibility, opportunity specifics, VISA process and more. ​ Those opting to Request A Place will be sent a payment link for the first half of their support fee, providing they meet the participation criteria. Such criteria is typically confirmed via WhatsApp. ​​ In either case, payment of the first half of your support fee guarantees a placement on whichever opportunity you've applied for ( and also gets you +12 months flexibility - You can postpone your departure, or even change your destination, for free, for up to 12 additional months ). Within about 48 hours you'll receive your online TEFL course login & Members Area access , and we’ll hit go on the rest! Don’t stress — we’ll walk you through every step and answer all of your questions along the way - it's what we do! THE LAND OF THE RISING SUN IS THE PERFECT PLACE FOR YOU IF… -> You’re a native English speaker who’s keen to make a difference in students’ lives by teaching them to speak your language. -> You’ve got (or will soon have) an undergraduate degree in any subject, and you’re looking for a way to immerse yourself in Japanese culture. -> You're excited to take a rewarding full-time opportunity and can commit to a 12-month contract. -> You have a clean criminal record and are ready to invest in making your journey happen. YOUR INVESTMENT: £1,249 [Standard Rate], £999 [Discounted Rate] Japan TEFL 120-hour online TEFL course Full application process assistance (incl. School application, visa process and related documents) In-country support during your placement Whatsapp group chat access to meet friends from the day you sign up £999/£1249 “ TravelGrad was fantastic in helping me to overcome both administrative/bureaucratic barriers and the general anxieties of moving to the other side of the world. The service and support they offered was friendlier and more personal than other providers and made the whole process as smooth as could be.” - Cameron Your Additional TravelGrad Perks You’ll also get access to some exclusive TravelGrad perks as standard: Access to our Japan Members Area, where you’ll find tips, travel guides, lesson plans and more, to prepare you for your adventure. Free participation on our China, Korea, Thailand or Vietnam opportunities, upon completion out in Japan. Flexible & Reassuring Payment Structure ​ Ease the burden on the bank and your mind by splitting the fee across two equal instalments: the first when you secure a spot on your chosen opportunity (guarantees the placement), the second when you confirm/accept a specific contract/school. Each of these instalments can be further split into 3 instalments, via Klarna, if you wish. ​ Upon payment of your first instalment, you’ll also receive the login to your 120-hour online TEFL course. This 'Teaching English as a Foreign Language' qualification will be yours for life, work worldwide, and is in no way restricted to TravelGrad opportunities. The Unavoidable Costs Legally and safely moving to Japan involves a few extra costs, spread over the 6 months before you go. We’ll give you a heads up before they’re due, so you won’t be caught off guard. ​ Visa : UK Passport Holders: £16. Other countries may vary Travel Insurance (Highly Recommended) ~ Roughly £300/Year [UK] and roughly $500/Year [USA] Flight : Roughly £500 One Way Initial Spending Money [ Including Accommodation Set-Up costs ] £1500/£2000 (the Japan ASSIST public school option has the option to borrow about half of this initial spending money on arrival) V accinations : Average is £100 (however, applicants have reported paying anywhere from 0-500. It really does depend on what you get, where you get it, and your own personal attitude to risk. ​ You will need to pay for your accommodation each month and it is likely to cost you 50-65k yen (about 1/4 of your monthly salary). READY TO START YOUR NEW LIFE IN JAPAN? You'll Enjoy: -> An easy, supported route into teaching in Japan with other like-minded graduates -> Expert support from a team that’s been in your shoes and knows their stuff -> A placement at a kindergarten, primary or high school you can trust -> Thorough personalised support to answer your questions and put your mind at ease -> A life-changing experience that opens your eyes to the world FAQS Is this the right option for me? The fact you’ve made it this far suggests it is. If you’re a soon-to-be or recent grad looking to have control over your Japan teaching adventure with the step-by-step support and guidance to get you there, this is 100% the right option for you. Can I apply with a friend or a group? Yes, although in most cases we can place a maximum of 2 people together. Will I be close to other Travel Grads? Some people are, some people aren't. If you’d like to be placed close to other Travel Grads, let us know, and we’ll do everything we can to make it happen. Will I have help finding accommodation? Absolutely. TravelGrad is all about creating a ‘soft landing’, and accommodation is a huge part of this. Our on-the-ground partners will be there to offer their full support in finding a suitable place to live. Have no fear. How do I know I’ll get my money’s worth? We’ve put every effort into creating a service that puts your safety and happiness first. That means going the extra mile to make sure you feel relaxed, supported and excited the entire time. Past and present Travel Grads tell us this is exactly how they feel, so we’re sure your future self will think so, too. Is it possible I won’t like it? There’s no denying that living abroad has its ups and downs — it’s part of the experience. That said, our goal is to ensure you make the best decision for you. So to make sure you do, we share everything you need to know about life as a teacher in Japan during the application process. If at any point before you leave, you feel another opportunity is more suitable, just let us know, and we’ll see what we can do! Then, once you’re there, our team is only ever a text or call away. REVIEWS WE ARE SUPER PRO UD OF EVERY SINGLE ONE OF OUR INDEPENDENTLY VERIFIED REVIEWS! CHECK THEM OUT! PROUDLY PARTNERED WITH COPYRIGHT © 2026. TRAVELGRAD LTD. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. INCORPORATED IN ENGLAND & WALES, COMPANY REG NUMBER 9131111 FIND US @ 483 Green Lanes, London (UK) N134BS info@travelgrad.com 0208 123 1698 ​ ​ bottom of page