Societe Generale Global Banking and Advisory 2027 Summer Internship (8 Weeks) | SmartRecruiters Google Chrome Microsoft Edge Apple Safari Mozilla Firefox Global Banking and Advisory 2027 Summer Internship (8 Weeks) Intern Company Description About Societe Generale Societe Generale was established in the UK in 1871 as the Group’s first international office outside France. The Group’s expertise in the UK ranges from corporate and investment banking to private banking and securities services, as well as specialised financial services including vehicle and equipment finance. Our Global Banking & Advisory teams offer tailor‑made solutions to corporates, financial institutions and the public sector. Our services cover M&A, debt, equity and capital structure advisory. They are combined with high-quality debt and equity capital raising, optimised financing, and risk management specialising in foreign exchange and rates derivatives. Our Culture At Societe Generale CIB, we expect all our people to demonstrate sound judgement, personal accountability, and a commitment to acting responsibly and with integrity. We value an environment where concerns can be raised openly, risks are managed proactively, and our conduct standards are lived - not just documented. If that resonates with how you work, we want to hear from you. What’s in it for you? Join us as an intern in Global Banking & Advisory a variety of different business areas which could include Investment Banking Industries, Debt Capital Markets, Energy, Infrastructure, Syndication and Coverage and discover a future where you can learn, discover and be yourself. The internship is a structured 8-week programme with a variety of core learnings, optional learnings, networking sessions and you will work on a group project presented at the end of the Summer. Completing the Summer Internship is a route to potentially securing a place on our Graduate Programme starting in 2028. A Summer Internship with Societe Generale will test the critical thinking skills sharpened in your degree course while giving you invaluable experience at the cutting edge of modern banking. Combining rich development with real-world responsibility, it’s a giant leap forward into a rewarding future career. Impact make yours a positive one. Job Description Roles and Responsibilities Eight-week internship scheme which will include various face to face interactions within roles across the department which aims to build necessary experience and expertise to help you develop a career in the industry. Provide administrative support within front office revenue generating divisions. Involvement with ad-hoc projects the team are currently working on to maximise project deliverables as well as hit the required timelines. Shadow colleagues to gain a better understanding of business propositions and operations. Perform all duties in accordance with the principles outlined in the SG Code of Conduct, as well as the policies and procedures relevant to your responsibilities, to ensure that you adhere to a culture that treats clients fairly and focuses on the long-term sustainability of client relationship. Skills and Experience Penultimate Year undergraduate or post graduate student – you will be graduating in 2028. Verbal and written communication skills Strong Excel skills or willing to learning financial modelling. Working knowledge of Word, PowerPoint, and other relevant IT skills Knowledge of regulations applying to the financial services industry, its staff, and our clients Knowledge of internal risk management, compliance, AML procedures and constant vigilance in respect of them Reliability and attention to detail Strong interpersonal skills Qualifications THIS IS WHAT YOU NEED We’re looking for students who are currently in their penultimate year of study. You must be available to work 8 weeks over July and August 2027. You need to be keen to learn and willing to gain experience in the Global Banking & Advisory. This is a place where you’re encouraged to contribute from day one, so you’ll be a great fit if you’re motivated, entrepreneurial and resourceful. To succeed in a collaborative, fast-changing and fast-paced environment, you’ll also need to be analytical, adaptable and a quick learner, with great attention to detail. Additional Information Recruitment process : Step 1: Applications are open from 7th September to 25th October 2026 Step 2: Online assessments Step 3: One-way video interview Step 4: Virtual assessment centre January 2027 Step 5: Final interviews January/February 2027 Step 6: Written offers. We are committed to creating an inclusive assessment experience for everyone. Before taking any assessment, you will have the opportunity to get in touch with our assessment provider to share if there is anything that can be done to optimise your assessment experience so you can better show your skills, or if you feel you need an adjustment at any point. By clicking the link above or any third-party link within this posting, you are leaving this site and going to a third-party website where the third-party website's terms and privacy policy apply Job Location Google Maps requires functional cookies to be enabled I'm interested I'm interested Privacy Notice I'm interested Refer a friend Posted by Charlotte Galt share this job Share to WeChat × Copy the link and open WeChat to share. Copy to clipboard Open WeChat Share to WeChat × Use Scan QR Code in WeChat and click ··· to share.