Job Application for Director of Data, Payments at Monzo Back to jobs Director of Data, Payments Cardiff, London or Remote (UK) Apply 🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ 📍London or UK Remote | 💰 £150,000 - £200, 000 + Equity + Benefits About our Data Discipline We have a strong culture of data-driven decision making across the whole company. Data is central to how we understand our customers, shape our products, manage risk and grow Monzo sustainably. We believe in empowering teams with high-quality, trusted data and self-serve analytics, while creating space for Data practitioners to focus on the highest-impact questions, opportunities and decisions. Our Data discipline is centralised, but deeply embedded in Monzo’s product areas. Data Scientists, Analytics Engineers, Machine Learning Engineers and Analysts work in cross-functional squads alongside Engineers, Designers, Product Managers, Marketers and other specialists. This means Data is not a downstream service: we help shape strategy, challenge thinking, build the data foundations teams need to move quickly, and share accountability for customer and commercial outcomes. Our Payments team ⭐ At Monzo, payments are more than just moving money from A to B. They are a core part of how customers experience trust, speed, and financial control every day. As a Data Director in Payments, you would help shape seamless local payment experiences, ensuring customers can pay and get paid reliably while continuing to modernise the infrastructure that powers millions of transactions behind the scenes. The role also sits at the intersection of Monzo’s broader ambition to build truly borderless banking and expand into new markets. That means designing products and payment capabilities that work effortlessly across geographies, currencies, and customer needs, while helping Monzo scale into new markets with the same simplicity and transparency that defines the brand today. You’ll partner closely with Product, Engineering, and Design to help shape Monzo’s payments strategy to make Monzo's global ambitions a reality, enabling revenue and customer growth with a resilient, self-serve banking platform. To succeed, you should be excited about solving tough, ambiguous business problems with analytical rigour, commercial viability and execution effectiveness Your day-to-day Establish yourself as a trusted member of the Payments Leadership team, enabling better decisions across Payments and the wider Data Discipline Co-drive Payments strategy and product decisions with Product and Engineering, bringing Data into discovery early to shape priorities and challenge thinking Identify untapped opportunities for commercial optimisation, including across pricing, commercialisation, investment and customer growth Set the data strategy for Payments, including the operating model, team priorities, architecture, technical debt and key metrics and drivers Translate between technical, product and commercial perspectives to help teams make clear, high-impact decisions Develop and scale a high-performing team of data professionals sharing accountability for product and business outcomes. You should apply if: What we’re doing here at Monzo excites you! You have experience driving payments innovation and product strategy forward in a fast-growing business You combine deep Data expertise with strong product and commercial judgement. You can move comfortably from detailed metrics or architecture discussions to customer strategy, pricing and business outcomes You are an empathetic people leader who can build trust quickly, raise the performance bar and retain excellent talent You have experience growing and leading a full stack data team, including individual contributors and managers across Data Science, Analytics Engineering, Machine Learning Engineering and Analytics You have experience collaborating with senior cross-functional stakeholders across Product, Engineering, Design, Marketing and risk/control functions The Interview Process After an informal ~30 min recruiter call, our interview process involves 2 main stages. We promise not to ask you any brain teasers or trick questions! Initial Call (1 hour) You'll meet with one of our senior data leaders. Loop Stage - This is one stage with 4 interviews (totalling 4 hours) split between a collaboration with one of our engineers on a technical exercise, as well as behavioural and leadership interviews. You can have this all in one day or split these across multiple days, whichever your prefer. Our average process takes around 3-4 weeks but we will always work around your availability. You will have the chance to speak to our recruitment team at various points during your process but if you do have any specific questions ahead of this please contact us on tech-hiring@monzo.com How we work 💻: Locations & Flexible Working : Our main tech hub is in London, but our engineers live everywhere in the UK— from Brighton to the Western Isles. We value meeting in person but there’s no pressure to come into the office, even if you're nearby. We believe you'll do your best work if you are where you want to be. If you live outside of London and we ask you to come into the office, Monzo will support you with the costs. ✨ Our offices are naturally social, especially Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Thursdays, which happen to line up with our twice-weekly Monzo lunches & treat Thursdays 🍽️. Teams also schedule time together often for work and play – in or around the office, or online. Set up a work schedule that delivers impact and fits your life. At Monzo, we value connections, flexibility, and wellbeing. We keep our meetings during core hours to stay connected and believe in maintaining work/life balance. You’ll be empowered to manage your work in a way that suits you and your team, giving you the freedom for children drop-offs and pick-ups, walking your dog or adventurous cat, avoiding peak commuting times or gym slots, appointments, or supporting your family in an emergency. 🕒✨ Work the way that works for you with Monzo! 💼 What’s in it for you 💰Base salary £150, 000 - £200, 000 + Equity + Benefits ✈️ We can help you relocate to the UK ✅ We can sponsor visas 📍This role can be based in our London office, but we're open to distributed working within the UK (with ad hoc meetings in London). ⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, at times that suit you and your team. 📚Learning budget of £1,000 a year for books, training courses and conferences #LI-AL1 #LI-REMOTE Equal opportunities for everyone Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our blog , 2026 Diversity and Inclusion Report and 2025 Gender Pay Gap Report. We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status. If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊 Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf LinkedIn Profile 🇺🇸 Are you a US Person? * Select... A US Person is defined as someone who: was born in the United States (US) has at least 1 parent who was born in the US is a naturalised citizen of the US is a green card holder is a US tax resident 🔐 Keeping your data safe is really important to us. Please take a look at our Candidate Data Privacy Notice (linked below) and confirm that you have. * Select... 🔗 Candidate Data Privacy Notice . If you’d like to, please share your preferred pronouns (eg. they/them/theirs, she/her/hers). If you'd like to, please spell out your name how it's pronounced so we know how to say it. 🛂 Please confirm your Right to Work status in the location where this job is advertised. * Select... We legally have to verify that you have the right to work in the location where you'd be working from. Your answer to this question won't affect the outcome of your application, unless you'd need visa sponsorship but are applying to a role we don't sponsor. 👤 Identity survey Our goal at Monzo is to make money work for everyone. To do that, working at Monzo must work for everyone. We want to create an equitable, engaged and innovative workplace which gives people from all backgrounds the support they need to thrive and grow. Making Monzo work for everyone starts right at the beginning of every Monzonaut's journey: when they apply to work here. This demographic survey will help us better understand the people who apply to work at Monzo. It'll help us see how different groups progress through our hiring process, and where we need to make improvements to be more inclusive. If you choose to fill it out, all of the information you give us is: Voluntary . And we've included a "prefer not to say" option for every question. It'd be helpful if you still fill out the survey even if you choose "prefer not to say" for every question, as it's useful for us to understand & record this. We won't know if you choose to fill this survey in or not. Anonymous to Monzo . We can't tie your responses to you and they won't make a difference to the outcome of your application. We'll only use grouped responses for equal opportunities monitoring in our hiring process. For more information on how we'll use this data, please read our candidate privacy notice . By filling out this survey, you agree that we can use your responses for the purposes we've mentioned above. You are not letting us know if we need to make any adjustments to the hiring process because of disability or neurodiversity - to do this please email us. How would you describe your gender identity? Select... Do you identify as transgender? Select... What's your sexual orientation? Select... Do you identify as having a disability? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodivergent? Select... How would your describe your ethnicity? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse