Careers In Management Consulting At Oliver Wyman Skip to main content We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand We’re evolving. Oliver Wyman is now part of the new, expanded Marsh brand Learn More search Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search Highlights Global Global (English) Africa, India, Middle East India (English) Middle East (English) South Africa (English) Americas Brazil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Asia Pacific China (中文版) Japan (日本語) Southeast Asia (English) Europe Belgium (English) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (English) Nordics (English) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Switzerland (Deutsch) UK And Ireland (English) search search search Highlights menu close You can be your best here Careers at Oliver Wyman Apply Now You can be your best here Careers at Oliver Wyman Apply Now Immediate Impact, Continuous Challenge As part of our global, entrepreneurial team, you’ll do meaningful work from day one. We’re looking for individuals who challenge the norm, and constantly strive to build something new for the firm and the world around us. Roles at Oliver Wyman We Hire You To Be You At Oliver Wyman, we invite you to bring your full, authentic self to work. Enjoy working alongside diverse and down-to-earth colleagues who do serious work, but don’t take themselves too seriously. Follow @oliverwymanconsulting on Instagram. See more of our culture Chart Your Course: We Support The Journey At Oliver Wyman, there's no "one size fits all." We hire exceptional people and help them thrive through a built-in support network, flexible career paths, extensive training curriculums, and no artificial barriers to advancement. Pedro Oliveira Managing Partner for Oliver Wyman’s IMEA region Beatriz Lacave Partner Margarita Economides Principal See more of our people The Global Leadership Team Council All voices matter at Oliver Wyman. That's why we created the Global Leadership Team Council: a group of non-executive colleagues from all industry groups and job families, representing a wide range of backgrounds and identities. They work alongside our senior leaders, providing new insights and perspectives and helping define and deliver the firm’s long-term strategy and key firm initiatives. Learn more about The Global Leadership Team Council Culture and Inclusion OLIVER WYMAN WORLDWIDE Footer XF Risk and insurance Reinsurance and capital People and investments Management consulting We're a global professional service firm bringing together capabilities across risk, reinsurance and capital, people and investments, and management consulting — building the confidence to thrive through the power of perspective. Terms Of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Statement On Accessibility Manage Cookies © 2026 Oliver Wyman, LLC. All Rights Reserved.