Insights & News | Apollo Global Management General Public General Public Institutional Investors Public Shareholders Wealth Professionals Log In Investors Former Employees Portfolio Companies About Apollo Strategies Insights & News Investors Media About Apollo Learn about our firm, our purpose, our people and our offices around the world. Explore Our History Our People Sustainability & Our Impact Careers Contact Us Sustainability Overview Expanding Opportunity Reporting & Transparency The Apollo Opportunity Foundation Financing The Global Industrial Renaissance Apollo stands as a key financing partner for some of the most innovative sectors driving our future. The Only Constant is Change As markets change, Apollo transforms by creating innovative and differentiated strategies that are defining the future of finance. Strategies Discover what makes Apollo an innovative capital provider, future-focused asset manager and leader in wealth management and retirement solutions. Explore Asset Management Retirement Solutions Credit Equity Real Assets Financial Services Financing Solutions for Companies Credit Overview Asset-Backed Finance Corporate Credit Equity Overview Private Equity Hybrid Value Impact Investing Platform Secondaries (S3) Real Assets Overview Energy Transition Real Estate European Principal Finance (EPF) Infrastructure Financial Services Overview Origination Financial Services Solutions Private Investment-Grade Credit Explore how private credit can promote resiliency in financial systems, fuel business growth and power retirement income. Insights & News Discover Apollo’s latest perspectives, case studies, research and analysis shaping conversations about private markets. Explore Insights Press Releases In the News The Daily Spark Apollo Academy Inside Alts With Marc Rowan What if the assumptions we’ve always relied on in finance no longer hold true? New Heights for Air France-KLM How Apollo’s long-duration capital and aviation expertise helped one of the world’s leading airlines soar to new heights. Investors Explore resources designed to support private markets investors and public shareholders. Explore Public Private Athene, Retirement Services Apollo Global Management, Inc. (NYSE: APO) Athene (NYSE: ATH.PRA-D) Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance (NYSE: ARI) MidCap Financial Investment Corp. (NASDAQ: MFIC) Institutional Investors Wealth Professionals Watch the Replay of Investor Day Featuring senior leaders from across the business providing insight on the firm’s progress, long-term growth opportunities, strategy and financial outlook. General Public General Public Institutional Investors Public Shareholders Wealth Professionals Log In Investors Former Employees Portfolio Companies About Apollo Strategies Insights & News Investors Media Back About Apollo Learn about our firm, our purpose, our people and our offices around the world. Explore Our History Our People Sustainability & Our Impact Careers Contact Us Financing The Global Industrial Renaissance Apollo stands as a key financing partner for some of the most innovative sectors driving our future. The Only Constant is Change As markets change, Apollo transforms by creating innovative and differentiated strategies that are defining the future of finance. Back Strategies Discover what makes Apollo an innovative capital provider, future-focused asset manager and leader in wealth management and retirement solutions. Explore Asset Management Retirement Solutions Private Investment-Grade Credit Explore how private credit can promote resiliency in financial systems, fuel business growth and power retirement income. Back Insights & News Discover Apollo’s latest perspectives, case studies, research and analysis shaping conversations about private markets. Explore Insights Press Releases In the News The Daily Spark Apollo Academy Inside Alts With Marc Rowan What if the assumptions we’ve always relied on in finance no longer hold true? New Heights for Air France-KLM How Apollo’s long-duration capital and aviation expertise helped one of the world’s leading airlines soar to new heights. Back Investors Explore resources designed to support private markets investors and public shareholders. Explore Public Private Athene, Retirement Services Watch the Replay of Investor Day Featuring senior leaders from across the business providing insight on the firm’s progress, long-term growth opportunities, strategy and financial outlook. Back Media Back to About Apollo Our History Back to About Apollo Our People Back to About Apollo Sustainability & Our Impact Sustainability Overview Expanding Opportunity Reporting & Transparency The Apollo Opportunity Foundation Back to About Apollo Careers Back to About Apollo Contact Us Back to Strategies Asset Management Credit Equity Real Assets Financial Services Financing Solutions for Companies Back to Strategies Retirement Solutions Back to Insights & News Insights Back to Insights & News Press Releases Back to Insights & News In the News Back to Insights & News The Daily Spark Back to Insights & News Apollo Academy Back to Investors Public Apollo Global Management, Inc. (NYSE: APO) Athene (NYSE: ATH.PRA-D) Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance (NYSE: ARI) MidCap Financial Investment Corp. (NASDAQ: MFIC) Back to Investors Private Institutional Investors Wealth Professionals Back to Investors Athene, Retirement Services Back to Sustainability & Our Impact Sustainability Overview Back to Sustainability & Our Impact Expanding Opportunity Back to Sustainability & Our Impact Reporting & Transparency Back to Sustainability & Our Impact The Apollo Opportunity Foundation Back to Asset Management Credit Credit Overview Asset-Backed Finance Corporate Credit Back to Asset Management Equity Equity Overview Private Equity Hybrid Value Impact Investing Platform Secondaries (S3) Back to Asset Management Real Assets Real Assets Overview Energy Transition Real Estate European Principal Finance (EPF) Infrastructure Back to Asset Management Financial Services Financial Services Overview Origination Financial Services Solutions Back to Asset Management Financing Solutions for Companies Back to Public Apollo Global Management, Inc. (NYSE: APO) Back to Public Athene (NYSE: ATH.PRA-D) Back to Public Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance (NYSE: ARI) Back to Public MidCap Financial Investment Corp. (NASDAQ: MFIC) Back to Private Institutional Investors Back to Private Wealth Professionals Search Search SUGGESTED SEARCH TERMS Private Investment-Grade Credit Capital Solutions Athene Origination Infrastructure Sustainability Hybrid Equity Market Insight Retirement Podcast Secondaries Insights & News Insights & News Catch up on our latest news and updates, including timely and thought-provoking perspectives on the industry, markets and our business from Apollo experts. Apollo Updates Financing The Global Industrial Renaissance Apollo stands as a key financing partner for some of the most innovative sectors driving our future. Learn More Our Featured Insights View All Empowering Retirees Retirement Solutions | Investment Insight At the Forefront of Democratizing Finance In a world of rising interest rates, inflationary pressure and volatility, alternatives play a critical role in allowing for returns and diversification. At Apollo, we aim to provide our clients with a best-in-class experience to help secure their futures. Retirement Solutions | Case Study Rethinking Retirement Financial Goals We’re driven to outperform so retirees can dream big. 7:54 Retirement Solutions | Case Study Securing Pensions Through Risk Transfer We’re focused on securing pensions so people can retire better and companies can focus on what they do best. Building Stronger Businesses Credit | Case Study Intel: Scale, Flexibility and Partnership in Action Apollo provided a scaled, flexible capital solution at a pivotal moment for Intel, a leading semiconductor manufacturer, providing financial flexibility and a results-driven partnership. 3:56 Equity | Case Study Panasonic Automotive: Partnership in Motion Apollo’s 2024 carve-out of Panasonic Automotive Systems shows how operational partnership can reposition a world-class business for long-term global competitiveness. 2:31 Equity | Case Study Lottomatica: Transforming a Leader in Italian Gaming Apollo Funds helped drive transformative growth for Lottomatica, a leading gaming company in Italy, through strategic acquisitions and a shift towards online gaming. 2:24 Capital Solutions | Case Study Vonovia: Transformative Capital Solutions in Europe Apollo’s ongoing capital partnership with Vonovia demonstrates our ability to provide scaled, bespoke solutions to support the strategic objectives of our closest corporate relationships. Driving a More Sustainable Future 2:29 Equity | Case Study Novolex: Packaging Sustainable Solutions for a Better Future Novolex, a global leader in sustainable food packaging and one of the largest packaging companies in the U.S., partnered with Apollo Funds to drive transformative growth and advance its sustainability goals. 2:08 Real Assets | Case Study FlexGen: Enabling Today's Energy Transition Learn how Apollo is helping to drive a more sustainable future by supporting the growth of FlexGen. The Only Constant is Change At Apollo, we constantly adapt to new habitats. As markets change, Apollo transforms by creating innovative and differentiated strategies that are defining the future of finance. We think it through, then we Think It New . Explore More Apollo Updates Bloomberg Purchase Price Matters Apollo’s Sambur sees prolonged period of software pain for private equity. Read More Bloomberg Deals Apollo’s Antoine Munfakh Sees Private Equity Going Back to Basics Apollo Private Equity is focused on purchase price, operational improvement and real-economy businesses. Read More Bloomerg New Economy Forum A Financial System Built for Purpose At the Bloomberg New Economy Forum, Marc Rowan joined Ravi Menon for a candid conversation on how global finance is adapting to meet the changing needs of economies. They examined the rise of private markets as engines of long-term investment, the reshaping of public markets, and the mix of capital needed to support the cap-ex needs of critical infrastructure and the energy transition. Read More Apollo in the Media What if the Assumptions We’ve Always Relied on in Finance No Longer Hold True? Speaking to CNBC’s Robert Frank, Apollo CEO Marc Rowan posed a simple question: What if the assumptions we’ve always relied on in finance no longer hold true? Watch the Video Bloomberg Markets Torsten Slok Doesn't Follow the Crowd, He Follows the Data Apollo Chief Economist Torsten Slok is writing a story about tomorrow, one daily email at a time. Read the Profile Previous Next Container The Daily Spark Get exclusive, daily data-driven analysis on the US economy, inflation, and capital markets from Apollo Chief Economist Torsten Slok. View All MONETARY & FISCAL POLICY Warsh Starting to Look Like Volcker September 18, 2026 Fed Chair Kevin Warsh has been remarkably consistent. He has repeatedly said the Fed will deliver price stability. Wednesday’s rate hike shows that he means it. There is another important parallel with former Fed Chair Paul Volcker: no forward guidance. Volcker did not tell markets what the Fed would do at the next meeting. Warsh takes the same approach. The bottom line is that Warsh is following the number one principle for successful central bankers: say what you do, and do what you say. GLOBAL & GEOPOLITICAL DEVELOPMENTS Europe’s AI Buildout Is Missing a Financing Market September 17, 2026 Securitization of US data center debt has totaled $81.4 billion since 2018, of which $18 billion was in 1H 2026 alone, see the first chart below. The EU has seen just $1.7 billion, of which $0.9 billion was in 1H 2026. The UK is little better, with $2.3 billion since 2018, of which $1.1 billion was in the first half of the year. The gap extends beyond just data centers to other strategic assets. US solar securitizations have raised $29.3 billion since 2018, compared with just $1.1 billion in the EU, see the second chart below. Part of the problem has been overly burdensome securitization rules compounded by insurance regulations that have discouraged European life insurers. EU life insurers hold just 0.33% of their investment assets in securitizations, compared with roughly 17% for US life insurers, despite the two industries being similar in size. The EU has proposed tweaks to its securitization rules, but the changes are modest relative to the scale of the financing challenge. If Europe wants to narrow the AI investment gap with the US, it will be harder if one of the markets helping finance the US data center buildout remains largely closed in Europe. Written by Huw van Steenis, London FINANCIAL MARKETS & RISK DYNAMICS Hyperscaler CDS Widening Is Not a Dealer Inventory Story September 16, 2026 The widening in hyperscaler CDS is not driven by dealer hedging of new issuance. If it were, bank CDS would be widening too, given that banks remain the single largest source of IG supply, and instead bank spreads have sat flat near 40 bps. What the market is repricing is hyperscaler credit fundamentals, namely a debt-financed AI capex cycle with rising leverage, negative free cash flow and uncertain payback on depreciating assets. Load More Investment Insights Investment Insight The Financing Gap in Sports: Unlocking a $2.5 Trillion Opportunity Sports are no longer just culture or entertainment; they are a scalable, investable asset class. Financing this business is becoming one of today’s most compelling growth stories—and where the next records are poised to be broken. Credit | Investment Insight Rethinking Core-Plus with Private Investment-Grade Credit As public markets become more concentrated and real yields compress, private credit can deliver investment grade exposure and the potential for excess spread with fewer compromises. Equity | Investment Insight Apollo Impact Mission: 2025 Annual Impact Report Apollo Impact Mission (AIM)’s 2025 Impact Report highlights Apollo’s approach to driving scalable and measurable impact through the AIM platform. Leading with Private Investment-Grade Credit Private credit can help to finance business growth and innovation, support household prosperity and fuel the real economy. Learn More In the News View All Europe’s Access to Capital Remains Constrained: Apollo September 09, 2026 Sports Investors on Capital Deployment September 09, 2026 Apollo’s Kleinman Sees Golden Age of Capital as Firms Spend September 09, 2026 Apollo Partner Talks Quick and Cool Return on Kelvion September 04, 2026 Load More Press Releases View All Apollo Provides $1.25 Billion Capital Solution to Support Combination of BMG and Concord September 17, 2026 Daiwa House to Acquire a Significant Minority Stake in Miller Homes from Apollo Funds September 17, 2026 Apollo Funds Complete €3 Billion Capital Solution for Bayer September 16, 2026 Apollo Provides $585 Million Financing to The Executive Centre September 15, 2026 Load More Explore Our Insights for... Institutional Investors Wealth Professionals Social Explore Apollo About Us Strategies Sustainability & Our Impact Insights & News Careers Media More Information Athene Apollo Academy Investor Relations (NYSE: APO) Contact Us Governance Terms of Use Privacy Policy Web Fraud & Phishing Disclosures Disclaimer Forward-Looking Statements Form CRS Cookies © Apollo Global Management, Inc. 2026 All Rights Reserved.