Fixed Income Summer Internship Programme 2027 - London - Fidelity International Skip to content FEEL FIDELITY Login | Register Toggle navigation Home Early Careers Programmes Early Careers Events Register Your Interest Help Centre Fixed Income Summer Internship Programme 2027 - London Business Unit Fixed Income Job description Job Description - Fixed Income Summer Internship 2027 Title: Fixed Income Summer Intern Department: Fixed Income Location: London, EC4M 5AB Duration: 10 Weeks Who we are: Do you feel passionate about becoming an investor and making a real difference to our clients’ futures? Enjoy working as part of a team and taking ownership of your own work? We’ve been helping clients plan and invest for their futures for over 50 years. From more than 25 locations around the world, we provide investment services and retirement expertise to everyone from central banks to private individuals. We’re known for acting with integrity and thinking for the long-term. And across our organisation, we foster a welcoming, caring and inclusive culture where people feel respected, trusted and able to be themselves. Our Summer Internship Programme offers you unrivalled access to information, experts, and industry leaders. Over the course of you ten weeks with us, you will learn how our team of analysts formulate investment theses to advise portfolio managers. What you’ll be doing: We don’t expect you to come straight in and know everything about what we do. As an intern, and whatever you’re studying, we’ll help make sure you get the most out of your time with us. Fidelity is a fantastic place to learn, innovate and grow. There are expert colleagues around the world to learn from and share ideas with. Our Fixed Income team manages money for investors all around the world. Their expertise ranges from trading and portfolio management to credit and quantitative research. Whenever an investment decision relating to credit needs to be made, this is the team that people come to. This internship will teach you how we do it. You’ll gain experience across our credit research, investment directing and trading departments and work on projects that will introduce you to the basics of preparing financial analysis and investment reports. You’ll go to portfolio strategy meetings and learn directly from senior managers whilst developing your knowledge of financial modelling, research, risk exposure and the commercial aspects of fixed income products. Over the course of a 10-week programme, you’ll have the opportunity to work on live projects, attend meetings and make your own recommendations. We will provide training on financial modelling, research, risk exposure and the commercial aspects of our Fixed Income products. You will complete one or more project during the programme and present your findings to a panel of senior colleagues. If you show promise and improvement over the course of the summer, you could be offered a place on our graduate programme. The difference you’ll make: You’ll contribute to positive, meaningful work that make a difference to our clients. You’ll help them invest and plan for the futures they want. You’ll provide invaluable support to your team, too. How you’ll be supported: You’ll start with a welcome and an orientation, where you’ll meet your fellow interns and find out all about us and our work. Once the programme begins, you’ll learn every day – from the experts around you and through tackling real projects. Our focus will be on supporting you to gain experience and discover what kind of future you could build in our industry. Every step of the way, you will be supported by an assigned buddy and the wider investment team. You will have a company-wide Fidelity Induction in your first week and then specific technical training in your second week with us. You will also be invited to attend bitesize learning sessions throughout your internship. Every week, we also offer virtual drop-in sessions with the Early Careers team to answer your questions and support you during the programme. What we look for: It’s who you are that matters here, rather than what you studied. We welcome applications from all degree-disciplines. You will need to be in the penultimate year of your degree, graduating in 2028 and available to complete 10 weeks of full-time work this coming summer. We’re looking for highly driven people with intellectual curiosity, ambition, resilience, comfort with numeracy and an absolute commitment to serving the best interests of our clients. Thirst for Knowledge - You will be intellectually curious and possess the ability and creativity to collect and analyse a range of information, then use it to make judgements on the prospects of industries. Analytical Skills - You will have the ability to undertake often complex research, interpret data and judge the merits of differing opinions, and form insights essential to ensure we make wise investments for our clients Articulate & Persuasive - You’ll need the tenacity and confidence to communicate your judgement on whether bonds in a company should be bought or sold and justify your thinking (at times with imperfect information). Any degree discipline: We welcome applications from all degree disciplines and all academic achievements And, as we’re an international organisation, we’ll need you to speak English. We’ll also need you to: be graduating from your current academic programme in 2028 Our clients come from all walks of life and so do we. We are proud of our inclusive culture and encourage applications from the widest mix of talent, whatever your age, gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, gender identity, social background and more. How to Apply Feeling inspired to start your journey with us? Then take your first step by applying at: careers.fidelityinternational.com This programme is open to students in the penultimate year of current academic programme (Class of 2028). Our application window closes on Sunday, 15 November 2026 at 11:55pm GMT . You are advised to submit your application as early as possible, as we will be recruiting on a rolling basis. Please note that there are online assessments which you’ll need to complete by the time the window closes. This can take around 40 minutes to complete, so make sure you give yourself plenty of time. All assessment centres will take place November/December. As part of our commitment to inclusion, we are a disability-friendly company. As such, we would welcome a conversation with you if you feel you might benefit from any reasonable adjustments to perform to the best of your ability during the recruitment process and beyond. For any enquiries regarding your application, you can reach us at earlycareersatfidelity@fil.com . Programme Internship Attachment 2027 Fixed Income Intern Job Description - approved.pdf – 203KB Opens in a new window View cookie / data protection and privacy policy © FIL Ltd 2024 View cookie / data protection and privacy policy Fidelity.co.uk | Fidelityinternational.com | Privacy