Job Application for Android Engineer at Monzo Back to jobs Android Engineer Cardiff, London or Remote (UK) Apply 🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ 📍London / UK Remote | Engineer III 💰 £85,000 - £110,000 base salary per year ➕ share options | Benefits | Technology About our Mobile Engineering discipline Our mobile engineers have a variety of different backgrounds There are ~60 Android engineers at Monzo and we’re looking for more to join the team. We have several non-graduates; only some of us studied Computer Science; some of us have worked in huge companies; some have only ever worked in startups; others are former consultants. As long as you enjoy learning new things, we’d love to talk to you. Monzo works in small, interdisciplinary teams We have around 650 engineers out of roughly 5,500 people in total - and we have big ambitions. There are many interesting challenges ahead, and we're happy for people to move between teams or to specialise, whatever you prefer. As an engineer here you'd be able to work directly with anyone across the company, and we run regular knowledge-sharing sessions so you’ll learn heaps about everything from how banks work to effective communication. Your day-to-day We’re searching for product-focused Android engineers to evolve our native mobile app. You’ll take pride in building polished user experiences, and you’ll balance the need for well-tested resilient code with moving fast and iterating. You’ll be working on a product that is a part of day to day life for more than 15 million people already, and your work here will shape the way that people interact with their finances. As an Android Engineer at Monzo you'll work in a small, autonomous product squad alongside iOS Engineers, Backend Engineers, User Researchers, Product Designers, Product Managers, QA Testers, and Data Scientists. You and your team will be responsible for an overall company goal, rather than building a specific feature - you'll have the opportunity to have impact on both what we build, and how we build it. Mobile engineers at Monzo work on everything from the personal banking product to customer support tools. We also have a small mobile platform squad dedicated to enabling other engineers to move faster. Every week we meet as an Android discipline to discuss tools, techniques, problems we're encountering across the company and work together to improve our codebase and processes. You'll report to an engineering manager who will meet with you every 1-2 weeks 1:1. They’re dedicated to helping you grow and develop as an engineer. Our Android app Our app is 100% Kotlin, built using MVVM (Model View ViewModel) and Coordinators, and modularised by product feature. Around 95% of the codebase is in Compose. We use Coroutines, Retrofit and Moshi for API calls and Dagger for dependency injection. We are currently migrating to Kotlinx Serialisation and Metro. Room is our choice for persistence, and we use repositories for interacting with data. We use GitHub Pull Requests to do code reviews, and write unit tests for our ViewModels, Coordinators, and any other classes which contain logic. We write tests for all of our Compose screens and snapshot test them with Happo. We also use Espresso to test flows, which are executed via our continuous integration system. We’ve previously written about building Monzo Chat on Android, which goes into detail on some of these elements. You should apply if You care about the impact your work has on our customers, and optimise for outcomes rather than the number of lines of code you output You’re excited about and have experience in programming in Kotlin You’ve shipped and iterated on at least one app in the Play Store You have a product mindset: you care about customer outcomes and you want to make data-informed decisions You love turning excellent design into beautiful products You’re comfortable working in a team that deals with ambiguity You have an understanding computer science principles The Interview Process Our interview process involves three main stages: Initial Call Take home task or pair coding exercise Final interview including a system design and a behavioural interview Our average process takes around 2-3 weeks but we will always work around your availability. There’s a detailed blog on the interview process , for extra details, hints and tips. How we work 💻: Locations & Flexible Working : Our main tech hub is in London, but our engineers live everywhere in the UK— from Brighton to the Western Isles. We value meeting in person but there’s no pressure to come into the office, even if you're nearby. We believe you'll do your best work if you are where you want to be. If you live outside of London and we ask you to come into the office, Monzo will support you with the costs. ✨ Our offices are naturally social, especially Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Thursdays, which happen to line up with our twice-weekly Monzo lunches & treat Thursdays 🍽️. Teams also schedule time together often for work and play – in or around the office, or online. Set up a work schedule that delivers impact and fits your life. At Monzo, we value connections, flexibility, and wellbeing. We keep our meetings during core hours to stay connected and believe in maintaining work/life balance. You’ll be empowered to manage your work in a way that suits you and your team, giving you the freedom for children drop-offs and pick-ups, walking your dog or adventurous cat, avoiding peak commuting times or gym slots, appointments, or supporting your family in an emergency. 🕒✨ Work the way that works for you with Monzo! 💼 What’s in it for you 💰 £78,000 - £110,000 base salary per year ➕ plus stock options + Benefits , we also provide all of our engineers with the latest MacBook Pro. ✈️We can help you relocate to the UK ✅We can sponsor visas. 📍This role can be based in our London office, but we're open to distributed working within the UK (with ad hoc meetings in London). ⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, at times that suit you and your team. 📚 Learning budget of £1,000 a year for books, training courses and conferences ➕ And much more, see our full list of benefits here Equal opportunities for everyone Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our blog , 2026 Diversity and Inclusion Report and 2025 Gender Pay Gap Report. We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status. If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊 Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf 🇺🇸 Are you a US tax resident? * Select... 🔐 Keeping your data safe is really important to us. Please take a look at our Candidate Data Privacy Notice (linked below) and confirm that you have. * Select... 🔗 Candidate Data Privacy Notice . If you’d like to, please share your preferred pronouns (eg. they/them/theirs, she/her/hers). If you'd like to, please spell out your name how it's pronounced so we know how to say it. Where would you like to be based? * Select... What attracted you to Monzo? * What is the most well-designed app you've used? Why? * What's your favourite consumer-facing product or feature you've built or contributed to recently? Who did you work with, what impact did you have, and what did you learn? * 🛂 Please confirm your Right to Work status in the location where this job is advertised. * Select... We legally have to verify that you have the right to work in the location where you'd be working from. Your answer to this question won't affect the outcome of your application, unless you'd need visa sponsorship but are applying to a role we don't sponsor. 👤 Identity survey Our goal at Monzo is to make money work for everyone. To do that, working at Monzo must work for everyone. We want to create an equitable, engaged and innovative workplace which gives people from all backgrounds the support they need to thrive and grow. Making Monzo work for everyone starts right at the beginning of every Monzonaut's journey: when they apply to work here. This demographic survey will help us better understand the people who apply to work at Monzo. It'll help us see how different groups progress through our hiring process, and where we need to make improvements to be more inclusive. If you choose to fill it out, all of the information you give us is: Voluntary . And we've included a "prefer not to say" option for every question. It'd be helpful if you still fill out the survey even if you choose "prefer not to say" for every question, as it's useful for us to understand & record this. We won't know if you choose to fill this survey in or not. Anonymous to Monzo . We can't tie your responses to you and they won't make a difference to the outcome of your application. We'll only use grouped responses for equal opportunities monitoring in our hiring process. For more information on how we'll use this data, please read our candidate privacy notice . By filling out this survey, you agree that we can use your responses for the purposes we've mentioned above. You are not letting us know if we need to make any adjustments to the hiring process because of disability or neurodiversity - to do this please email us. How would you describe your gender identity? Select... Do you identify as transgender? Select... What's your sexual orientation? Select... Do you identify as having a disability? Select... Do you consider yourself to be neurodivergent? Select... How would your describe your ethnicity? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse