Vacancy details - Royal Bank of Canada Skip to content Home Login Register Search vacancies Help Help centre Cookie policy Privacy statement Terms of use Vacancy details Details 2027 Summer Analyst - Global Investment Banking Vacancy type Campus Role Summer Analyst Programme Global Investment Banking Location London Intake Year 2027 Description 2027 Summer Analyst - Global Investment Banking Application Deadline: Rolling; early application recommended. Please note you can only apply to one vacancy per intake year. Royal Bank of Canada is a premier investment bank that provides a focused set of products and services to institutions, corporations, governments and high net worth clients in over 100 countries. We understand that the first steps in any career in finance are critical. With that in mind, we have the right formula to provide you with the opportunities and professional development you need to turn those first steps into a rewarding career. You'll be part of a company with a superior financial track record, credit rating and reputation. In fact, we maintained a high credit rating throughout the financial crisis. Interns will gain hands-on experience within our Global Investment Banking function and receive career-building mentorship. Every year we recruit successful applicants into our London Global Investment Banking teams within many areas suited to the interests of driven and focused students. We are committed to hiring the best students as we understand the value of growing talent from within the Summer Intern Programme and the significance that this diversity brings to our workforce. Programme details: As a Summer Intern you will be placed within a key area of our Global Investment Banking division to develop an insight into the responsibilities of a full-time Analyst. Summer Interns are placed in Product areas such as ECM, DCM and across a range of sectors including Healthcare, Utilities & Renewables, Industrials and Consumer & Retail. You will gain valuable exposure to the operations of a major international investment bank, as well as the hands-on experience you need to kick-start your career. Learning from experience: During the course of the programme, Summer Interns are given various projects to complete which may include: Financial modelling and valuing companies Supporting financing transactions across a range of industries Analysing transactions and providing insights to leadership Reporting on industry research/activity for colleagues Developing and editing pitch books and presentations for senior management Training & Development You will be supported and developed in numerous ways throughout the programme including: Classroom based training covering commercial and industry knowledge Speaker Series - regular information sessions delivered by our sector and product leadership On the job training Buddy programme Networking and shadowing opportunities Social events with the wider 2027 Capital Markets cohort You will receive mid and end-of-summer reviews as well as constructive feedback from your manager throughout your placement. Great care and resources have been devoted to ensure that at the end of the programme you have a solid understanding of the elements necessary for a successful career in the Investment Banking function. What do we look for? We look for diverse individuals with outstanding academic records, proven analytical skills, a demonstrated interest in finance and a history of participation in extracurricular activities. Other essential qualities we look for include strong oral and written communication skills, proven leadership capabilities, initiative, and the ability to play a key role as a team member in a fast-paced and challenging work environment. Fluency in a second European language is not required, but would be an advantage. Apply Privacy statement Opens in new window | Terms of use Opens in new window | Accessibility Opens in new window | Manage cookies © 2026 | v7.0.401.0 Opens in new window