Restructuring Advisory Intern - K3 Advisory Group Skip to main content This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience. K3 Advisory Group and our selected partners use cookies and similar technologies (together “cookies”) that are necessary to present this website, and to ensure you get the best experience of it. If you consent to it, we will also use cookies for analytics and marketing purposes. See our Cookie Policy to read more about the cookies we set. You can withdraw and manage your consent at any time, by clicking “Manage cookies” at the bottom of each website page. Accept all cookies Decline all non-necessary cookies Cookie preferences Select which cookies you accept On this site, we always set cookies that are strictly necessary, meaning they are necessary for the site to function properly. If you consent to it, we will also set other types of cookies. You can provide or withdraw your consent to the different types of cookies using the toggles below. You can change or withdraw your consent at any time, by clicking the link “Manage Cookies”, which is always available at the bottom of the site. To learn more about what the different types of cookies do, how your data is used when they are set etc, see our Cookie Policy . Strictly necessary These cookies are necessary to make the site work properly, and are always set when you visit the site. Vendors Teamtailor Analytics These cookies collect information to help us understand how the site is being used. Vendors Teamtailor Marketing These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you. In some cases, they also deliver additional functions on the site. Vendors Meta, Youtube Accept these cookies Decline all non-necessary cookies Career menu Job Openings Benefits Employee Log in as employee Candidate Log in to Connect Homepage k3advisorygroup.com KR8 Advisory Ltd · Advisory · Manchester - Hybrid · Onsite Restructuring Advisory Intern Launch your advisory career with a six-week, Manchester based internship: work on real business and capital projects, learn from senior advisers and explore a fast-track graduate pathway. Apply for this job Intern Programme – Role Description About KR8 Advisory KR8 Advisory is part of the restructuring division of K3 Capital Group, providing specialist support to clients facing opportunities as well as complex financial and operational challenges. Our services include business and capital advisory, restructuring, personal insolvency, and real estate restructuring and valuation. We are committed to attracting, developing, and retaining early-career talent through our structured Intern and Graduate Programmes, building a strong long-term pipeline for the Group. About the Internship Programme Our Internship Programme is a 6-week structured experience designed to give you both breadth and depth of exposure across business and capital advisory, with opportunities to learn from other areas of the Group. Key features include: · Induction (Week 1): Introduction to K3 values and culture, buddy assigned, and initial training · Core Experience (Weeks 2–6): Contribute to business-specific projects in your division · Shared Modules: Professional skills, networking, wellbeing, and a group project · Wrap-Up (Final Week): Showcase project work and learning, receive feedback, and explore graduate pathway opportunities · Graduate Pathway: High-performing interns may receive fast-track graduate offers for the following year Position Details · Position: Business and Capital Advisory Intern · Location: Manchester · Programme: KR8 Intern Programme – 6 weeks Candidate Profile We are looking for candidates who are working towards or have achieved a minimum 2:1 degree in a relevant subject (including, but not limited to: Accountancy & Finance, Economics, Maths, Sciences, or Engineering). Key attributes include: · Strong communication skills with evidence to support this · Proficiency in Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint · Curiosity, willingness to learn, and ability to work collaboratively What We Offer KR8 Advisory is a newly established team of business professionals, focused on delivering exceptional client service across key advisory services. We currently have offices in London, Manchester and Leeds covering service lines in Business Advisory, Capital Advisory, Personal Insolvency, Real Estate and Restructuring. We have exciting and highly ambitious plans to continue our growth across the UK. You will be supporting the development of a new Corporate Restructuring practice with direct access to senior leaders across other K3 Capital Group divisions. · Hands-on experience in a high-growth professional services Group · Structured training and career development · Mentorship and buddy support · Clear progression into permanent roles through our Graduate Programme Division KR8 Advisory Ltd Department Advisory Location Manchester - Hybrid Employment type Internship Contact Samantha Relph Global Head of Talent Acquisition & Recruitment About K3 Advisory Group With over 1,200 employees across the Group, 25 offices in the UK, and international bases in Malaysia and Cyprus Founded in 1998 Co-workers 1200+ Turnover 113M Apply for this job KR8 Advisory Ltd · Advisory · Manchester - Hybrid · Onsite Restructuring Advisory Intern Launch your advisory career with a six-week, Manchester based internship: work on real business and capital projects, learn from senior advisers and explore a fast-track graduate pathway. Loading application form Close modal Job Openings Benefits Data & privacy Manage cookies LinkedIn Instagram k3advisorygroup.com Employee login · SSO Candidate Connect login Already working at K3 Advisory Group? Let’s recruit together and find your next colleague. k3capitalgroup-1747925234.com @ k3capitalgroup-1747925234.com k3capitalgroup-1747925234.com k3capitalgroup.com kbscorporate.com knightsbridgeplc.com hma.tax kr8.co.uk quantuma.com pinnacle-online.com k3advantage.com knightcf.com k3dealadvisory.com Log in Applicant tracking system by Teamtailor